https://www.udacity.com
                    Free Courses Nanodegree Hire Talent For Enterprise Refer & Earn Log In Course Finder Nanodegree For Enterprise Hire Talent Course Finder Log In Refer & Earn School of Machine Learning Build a job ready portfolio of  projects in ML & AI Learn from Industry experts and join a community of over 20,000+ Machine learning graduates across the world! Enroll Now Deep Reinforcement Learning Admissions Closing tomorrow Join a Community of Over 50,000+ Deep Learning Graduates Enroll Now Become a Blockchain Developer Admissions closing tomorrow! Demand for Blockchain Developers has increased by 290% Enroll Now School of Data Science Build a job ready portfolio of projects in Data Science & Analytics Enroll Now Co-created with Industry Leaders Popular New Launches Machine Learning Deep Learning Data Analyst Data Scientist Artificial Intelligence Computer Vision Machine Learning Foundation Artificial Intelligence with Python Be in-demand with Nanodegree Programs Master in-demand skills. Build and design industry-relevant projects. Earn a valued Nanodegree certification. Launch your career in Data Science, Machine Learning, Android, iOS, and more. Machine Learning 5 programs Data Science & Analysis 6 programs Artificial Intelligence 5 programs Mobile Development 4 programs Web Development 4 programs Autonomous Systems 5 programs Build Industry Relevant Skills Get industry ready with our Nanodegree programs co-created with the world's most forward–thinking companies–Google, Facebook, AT&T, IBM, GitHub, and more. Build practical skills by working on projects based on global challenges faced by industry leaders. Learn through an immersive experience Experience a whole new way of learning with our Study Groups and Knowledge Platform. Collaborate with fellow students from around the globe and get feedback from Udacity Mentors. Get Job Ready Propel your career by getting job ready with our expert career guidance. Learn how to make resumes that get noticed and see them in action at our career fairs! Get access to our network of 100+ Hiring partners. Three years after entering India, Udacity has made India its second biggest English-speaking market, globally. Offering short online courses called “Nanodegree Programs” in cutting-edge tech such as artificial intelligence, Udacity hopes to be the key driver for India’s mission to upskill its labour force. Sebastian Thrun decides to combine his love for technology and education with Udacity - an online learnings platform that was setup with one mission - shattering the ivory towers and democratise education. Infosys, India’s second-largest software exporter, tied up with Udacity to reskill new hires and offers scholarships to employees to take up Nanodegree Programs Udacity is powering AI learning, one nanodegree at a time No university needed: A Stanford-born company is equipping India’s youth for well-paid tech jobs Join our Global community Aarushi Sharda Now at Rapido "Unlike other platforms, Udacity goes above and beyond to assure that all the students enrolled and/or graduated from their nanodegree courses find the job that they’re meant for" Mariam Fatima Now at Marax AI "As a teacher I used to wonder what does it take to build your own app.  Udacity helped me make sense of the wilderness, putting me on a path to become a productive programmer. I can now make sense of the weird text people used to call: code" Srikanth Vidapanakal Now at OLA "Udacity helped me transition to my dream role of being a Computer Vision/Deep Learning Engineer after 18 years of work experience" Rachit Agrawal Now at Qualcomm "Udacity fits into the role of what a Post Graduation does to an individual. I did changed my career into the emerging field of Machine Learning after six years in GPU Engineering." Akshay Chaudhary Now at Cars24 "The  personalized mentorship, industry-relevant and  projects of Nanodegree guided me towards a career as Business Analyst in one of India's top startups." Avi Aryan Now at Toptal "Nanodegree Programs helped me understand the problems better. One more exciting feature was the project reviews that gave me a lot of feedback on my work." Aarushi Sharda Now at Rapido "Unlike other platforms, Udacity goes above and beyond to assure that all the students enrolled and/or graduated from their nanodegree courses find the job that they’re meant for" Mariam Fatima Now at Marax AI "As a teacher I used to wonder what does it take to build your own app.  Udacity helped me make sense of the wilderness, putting me on a path to become a productive programmer. I can now make sense of the weird text people used to call: code" Srikanth Vidapanakal Now at OLA "Udacity helped me transition to my dream role of being a Computer Vision/Deep Learning Engineer after 18 years of work experience" Rachit Agrawal Now at Qualcomm "Udacity fits into the role of what a Post Graduation does to an individual. I did changed my career into the emerging field of Machine Learning after six years in GPU Engineering." Akshay Chaudhary Now at Cars24 "The  personalized mentorship, industry-relevant and  projects of Nanodegree guided me towards a career as Business Analyst in one of India's top startups." Avi Aryan Now at Toptal "Nanodegree Programs helped me understand the problems better. One more exciting feature was the project reviews that gave me a lot of feedback on my work." Want to stay updated about Udacity’s latest offerings? Get information on offers, new launches, webinars and more! Sign up now Let us call you Need Help with Enrollments? 1800-121-6240 Mon - Fri, 10 am - 10 pm By calling this number, you consent to receive calls from, or on behalf of, Udacity per our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . Featured Programs VR Foundations VR Mobile 360 VR High Immersion Google Analytics Android Basics Machine Learning Engineer Become an iOS Developer Business Analyst Data Analyst Front-End Web Developer Full Stack Web Developer Intro to Programming React Only At Udacity Artificial Intelligence Deep Learning Digital Marketing Machine Learning Engineer Robotics Software Engineer Nanodegree Self-Driving Car Engineer Resources Nanodegrees Free Courses Career Resource Center Student Success Company About Blog Jobs Enterprise Udacity for Enterprise Corporate Training Hire Graduates Support Contact Us Help and FAQ Service Status Legal & Privacy © 2011–2019 Udacity, Inc. Legal & Privacy Regulatory Information Site Map India China Europe United States "Nanodegree" is a registered trademark of Udacity. © 2011–2019 Udacity, Inc. Udacity is not an accredited university and we don't confer degrees. Udacity Nanodegree programs are unique educational programs that are not affiliated with any university or sanctioned by the University Grants Commission.  