https://www.udacity.com/legal/terms-of-use
                    Free Courses Nanodegree Hire Talent For Enterprise Refer & Earn Log In Course Finder Nanodegree For Enterprise Hire Talent Course Finder Log In Refer & Earn Legal  Terms of Service  Udacity, Inc. (collectively, “we,” “us” or “Udacity”) provides you access to the Udacity services (“Services”) including its applications and websites, available at the entry-point URL http://www.udacity.com , http://www.knowlabs.com and http://www.ai- class.com, (each individually a “Class Site,” and collectively the “Class Sites”), and to the information, services and other materials available on and through the Class Sites, (collectively with the Class Sites, the “Online Courses”), subject to the terms and conditions described in this document (these “Terms of Use”) and any other guidelines, rules or licenses posted in connection with the Online Courses. Udacity offers curated, specially designed and produced collections of Online Courses that comprise what Udacity refers to as Nanodegrees (such collection of Online Courses may be a “Nanodegree”).  Your Acceptance of Terms  By accessing and/or using the Services, you agree to be bound by these Terms of Use, whether you are: - a “Visitor,” meaning you simply browse the Class Sites, including, without limitation, through a mobile or other wireless device, or otherwise use the Class Sites without being registered, or - a “Student,” meaning that you have registered with Udacity for a User ID and User Password (defined below), will complete the homework assignments and exams, and have enrolled in and paid for access to services, content, and/or certification provided by Udacity or its Educational Partners (defined below), or - an “Attendee,” meaning that you have registered with Udacity for a User ID and User Password (defined below) and that you intend to audit the Online Courses, i.e., attend or view lectures online without accessing final projects or assessments required for certification, or completing the homework assignments, exams or other course work related to assessments for certification.  The term “User” refers to a Visitor, Student or Attendee.  You are authorized to use the Class Sites only if you agree to abide by all applicable laws, rules and regulations and these Terms of Use.  BY USING THE SERVICES, OR BY INDICATING YOUR ASSENT TO THIS AGREEMENT BY CLICKING “I ACCEPT,” REGISTERING A USER ACCOUNT (AS DEFINED HEREIN) WITH UDACITY OR ANY SIMILAR MECHANISM, YOU ARE AGREEING TO THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT.  WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, IF YOU ARE A VISITOR, BY USING THE SERVICES, IN ADDITION TO ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT (EXCEPT FOR THE SECTION ENTITLED “STUDENT AND ATTENDEE COMMUNICATIONS”), YOU ARE CONSENTING TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS SET FORTH IN THE SECTION ENTITLED “VISITOR COMMUNICATIONS.” IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING THE TERMS SET FORTH IN THE SECTION ENTITLED “VISITOR COMMUNICATIONS,” DO NOT ACCESS OR USE THE SERVICE.  ADDITIONALLY, WITHOUT LIMITATION TO ANY OF THE FOREGOING, IF YOU ARE A STUDENT OR ATTENDEE, BY REGISTERING YOUR USER ACCOUNT WITH UDACITY, YOU ARE CONSENTING TO BE BOUND BY ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT INCLUDING THE TERMS SET FORTH IN THE SECTION ENTITLED “STUDENT AND ATTENDEE COMMUNICATIONS.” IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING THE TERMS SET FORTH IN THE SECTION ENTITLED “STUDENT AND ATTENDEE COMMUNICATIONS,” DO NOT REGISTER YOUR USER ACCOUNT. IF YOU DO NOT REGISTER YOUR USER ACCOUNT, YOU WILL NOT BE ABLE TO ACCESS OR USE CERTAIN PARTS OF THE SERVICE THAT MAY REQUIRE A USER ACCOUNT.  WITHOUT LIMITATION TO ANY OF THE FOREGOING, IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ANY OTHER PROVISIONS OF THESE TERMS OF USE OR ANY SECTION THEREOF, THEN YOU MAY NOT ACCESS OR USE THE SERVICES. UDACITY’S ACCEPTANCE IS EXPRESSLY CONDITIONED UPON YOUR ASSENT TO ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THESE TERMS OF USE, TO THE EXCLUSION OF ALL OTHER TERMS.  We reserve the right to change or modify these Terms of Use at our sole discretion at any time. We will notify you of any material changes to the terms and conditions of this Agreement or to any service or other feature of the Services and you must accept such changes in order to continue your use and access thereof. If you do not accept such changes your use and/or access to the Services will be terminated. Any change or modification to these Terms of Use will be effective immediately upon posting by Udacity on a Class Site.  Visitor Communications  If you are Visitor, we may contact you through our in-website and in-mobile app notification, messaging and chat services while you browse the Class Sites. You consent to receive these notifications and messages. We also provide information on the Class Sites for you to contact us with questions or comments. If you use this information to contact us, you consent to receive any notifications, messages or other communications in response to any such contact.  Student and Attendee Communications  If you are a Student or an Attendee, you expressly indicate your consent to receive electronically all communications, agreements, documents, notices and disclosures (collectively, “Notices”) that we provide in connection with your User Account and your use of the Services. Notices may include, without limitation, e-mail, in-app messages and in-website chat communications. In addition, Notices may include emails with promotional, marketing, and advertising information and recommendations that we believe may be of interest to you. Consistent with federal CAN-SPAM laws, if you do not wish to receive commercial emails, you may unsubscribe following the instructions on any email. We may still send you administrative and transactional Notices, however, such as, but not limited to, information about your User Account, confirmation of your registration for Online Courses, information related to your method of payment, transactional receipts, career advice, information about your progress or other services that may be necessary to provide you with Online Course or Nanodegree services.  Additionally, you consent to receive autodialed or prerecorded calls and text messages from us at any telephone number that you have provided us, as set forth below. We may place such calls or texts to (i) notify User Account and any use thereof; (ii) provide you with services associated with the Class Site or Online Courses; (iii) troubleshoot problems with your User Account (iv) resolve disputes; (v) collect debts; (vi) contact you with offers and promotions; or (vii) as otherwise necessary to service your account or enforce these Terms of Use, our policies, applicable law, or any other agreement we may have with you.  You may provide your telephone number for us to use when you register your User Account or by adding a telephone number to your User Account at any time. If the telephone number provided to us is a mobile telephone number, you consent to receive SMS or text messages at that number. We won’t share your phone number with third parties for their purposes without your consent, We may share your phone numbers with our Affiliates or with our service providers, such as customer support, billing or collections companies, who we have contracted with to assist us in pursuing our rights or performing our obligations under these Terms of Use, our policies, applicable law, or any other agreement we may have with you. You agree these parties may also contact you using autodialed or prerecorded calls and text messages, as authorized by us to carry out the purposes we have identified above, and not for their own purposes. Standard telephone minute and text charges may apply.  Use of Intercom Services: Udacity uses third-party analytics services to help understand your usage of the services. In particular, Udacity provides a limited amount of your information (such as your email address and sign-up date) to Intercom, Inc. (“Intercom”) and utilize Intercom to collect data for analytics purposes when you visit our website or use our product. Intercom analyzes your use of our website and/or product and tracks our relationship so that Udacity can improve our service to you. We may also use Intercom as a medium for communications, either through email, or through messages within our product(s). As part of our service agreements, Intercom collects and aggregates publicly available contact and social information that may be related to you, such as your email address, gender, company, job title, photos, website URLs, social network handles and physical addresses, to enhance your user experience with us. For more information on the privacy practices of Intercom, please visit http://docs.intercom.io/privacy . Intercom’s services are governed by Intercom’s terms of use which can be found at http://docs.intercom.io/terms . If you would like to opt out of having this information collected by or submitted to Intercom, please contact us.  You understand and consent that we may, without further notice or warning and in our discretion, monitor or record telephone conversations you or anyone acting on your behalf has with us or our agents for quality control and training purposes or for our own protection. You acknowledge and understand that, while your communications with us may be overheard, monitored, or recorded without further notice or warning, not all telephone lines or calls may be recorded by us, and we do not guarantee that recordings of any particular telephone calls will be retained or retrievable.  User Accounts and User Registration; Educational Partners  While any Visitor can view the Class Sites, in order to use the Class Sites and take part in the Online Courses, you must select a login identification (“User ID”) and a user password (“User Password”) that is unique and entirely different from your User ID (collectively, a “User Account”). You agree that you will never divulge or share access or access information to your User Account with any third party for any reason. If you do not qualify, you may not attend the Online Courses.  In setting up your User Account, you may be prompted or required to enter additional information, including but not limited to your name and email address. Additional information may be required to confirm your identity. You understand and agree that all information provided by you is accurate, current and complete and that you will maintain and update your information to keep it accurate, current and complete. You acknowledge that if any information provided by you is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, we reserve the right to terminate your use of the Services and your enrollment in the Online Courses, or a Nanodegree program, to the extent applicable.  In addition to the registration process, as part of your use of the Services, we may obtain certain information about you and your performance in the Online Courses. Some of this information may be personally identifiable information. We may use, maintain, and store this information to provide certain services to you now and in the future and may share such information with third parties in conjunction with such services. For example, as further detailed in our Privacy Policy, we may share certain materials or information about you with third parties, including your grades/scores in our classes.  Our Privacy Policy further explains how we treat information collected and received from you when you use the Online Courses. Our Privacy Policy is hereby incorporated into these Terms of Use by reference. Please read this policy carefully for disclosures relating to the collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information. By accepting these Terms of Use you are accepting our Privacy Policy.  The Class Sites are available to any User. However, access to the Online Courses is restricted to Attendees or Students that have a registered User Account. By registering, you agree that:  you are registered for the course only once and will not set up multiple User Accounts; and
you will abide by these Terms of Use.
Additional requirements apply to Students. As a Student, in addition to the points above, you agree that: - you are registering with the intent to complete the assignments, if any, that are relevant and applicable to the Class Site or Online Courses for which you have enrolled; - if you are taking an Online Course for academic credit or certification as a student of, or otherwise through, an Educational Partner, such as accredited universities and other educational institutions, corporate sponsors and non-profit foundations and institutions (each an “Educational Partner”), any such credit or certification may only be awarded directly by the Educational Partner based on its own policies and procedures, and you may be required by that Educational Partner to be registered or enrolled with the Educational Partner in order to receive credit or certification; and, in any event, Udacity will not have any authority or responsibility with respect to any award of academic credit or certification provided by an Educational Partner for any Online Course; - if you are not taking an Online Course for academic credit or certification provided by an Educational Partner, then, subject to your satisfactory performance determined in the sole discretion of Udacity, you may be awarded a verified certificate of accomplishment upon conclusion of the applicable Online Course (“Verified Certificate”), and you acknowledge that any such Verified Certificate awarded may not be affiliated with any college, university, company, or other certifying institution, and may not stand in the place of a course taken with an Educational Partner or convey academic credit or certification for any Educational Partner; - you acknowledge that instructors of any Online Course will not be obligated to make any attempts to get the course recognized by any accredited or other educational institution; and you will abide by the Student Conduct Policy listed below. - Online Courses you purchase for academic credit or certification from an Educational Partner or for certification from the Udacity site are eligible for refund under terms specified in the section entitled “Payment Terms” below. If a refund is issued, you’ll no longer receive certification and associated services for the course, but can continue to access the free courseware when available.  Udacity may make certain Online Courses available to Students and Attendees in partnership with or on behalf of its Educational Partners, Your access to such Online Courses may be provided to you through your single User Account. You acknowledge and agree that any Online Course affiliated with an Educational Partner may be subject to terms, policies and procedures of the applicable Educational Partner in addition to Udacity’s Terms of Use. Without limiting the foregoing, if you are a student registered or enrolled at, or are otherwise attending, an Educational Partner and are taking an Online Course for credit or certification through that Educational Partner, you acknowledge and agree that (a) the Educational Partner may have its own terms, policies or procedures regarding your eligibility to participate in the Online Course, your participation in the Online Course, the requirements or prerequisites for receiving credit or certification for the Online Course, and/or your educational or student records as they may relate to your participation and performance in the Online Course, and (b) your educational or student records are maintained by the Educational Partner, including for purposes of assigning credit or certification, and not Udacity.  Udacity and the instructors of the Online Courses reserve the right to alter, modify or rearrange the schedule of topics for the Online Courses, as well as the point value or weight of assignments, tests, quizzes, exams, projects and other such evaluations of progress. A Verified Certificate shall be awarded, in the sole discretion of Udacity and the instructors for the Online Courses, to Students who have completed the course to the satisfaction of Udacity. By attending the Online Courses, Students acknowledge that Udacity and the instructors maintain the right and ability to adapt, modify or revise the Online Courses as Udacity and the instructors deem appropriate.  User Conduct Policy  To the extent you are registered or enrolled as a student in, or are otherwise attending, an Educational Partner or other institution with its own policy regarding student and/or employee conduct or an “honor code,” those terms shall apply to you as a student and/or employee of such institution. Additionally, unless the following conflicts with such a policy or honor code, any User of the Online Courses agrees that he or she:   will not harass other Students, Attendees or Visitors; will not cheat on any homework assignment or exams for the Online Courses; will not post online any Secured Testing Materials (as defined below); will not share solutions to homework assignments or exams; and will notify the instructors immediately if he or she becomes aware of any other User cheating or breaching these Terms of Use.
and will comply with the requirements of the specific applicable code of conduct, if any, relating directly to a Nanodegree in which such User is enrolled.  As a condition of accessing the Class Sites and/or using the Online Courses, you agree not to (a) reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit for any commercial purposes any portion of the Online Courses other than as expressly allowed under these Terms of Use; (b) use Udacity’s name, trademarks, service marks, or other materials in connection with, or to transmit, any unsolicited communications or emails; (c) use any high volume, automated, or electronic means to access the Class Sites (including without limitation robots, spiders or scripts); (d) frame the Class Sites, place pop-up windows over its pages, or otherwise affect the display of its pages; (e) falsely state, impersonate, or otherwise misrepresent your identity, including but not limited to the use of a pseudonym or misrepresenting your affiliations with a person or entity, past or present; (f) force headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any communication transmitted through the Online Courses; or (g) interfere with or disrupt the Online Courses or servers or networks connected to the Online Courses, or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of networks connected to the Online Courses.  In addition, you may not post, upload, or transmit to or otherwise make available through the Class Sites or Online Courses any content, communications, or other information (collectively, “Unauthorized Content”):   that is obscene, fraudulent, indecent, or libelous or that defames, abuses, harasses, discriminates against or threatens others; that contains any viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, cancelbots, or other disabling devices or other harmful components intended to or that may damage, detrimentally interfere with, surreptitiously intercept, or expropriate any system, data, or personal information; that you do not have the right to disclose or make available under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships (such as insider information, or proprietary and confidential information learned or disclosed as part of employment relationships or under nondisclosure agreements); that consists of any high volume, automated, or electronic means to access the Class Sites (including without limitation robots, spiders or scripts); that infringes the copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret, right of publicity, or other intellectual property or proprietary right of any third party; that violates the rights of other Users of the Class Sites; or that violates any applicable local, state, national or international law or otherwise advocates or encourages any illegal activity.  Udacity’s Intellectual Property Rights  The Services are owned and operated by Udacity and its licensors. Udacity reserves the right at any time and from time to time to modify, discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Services or any part or portion thereof, with or without notice to you. You agree that Udacity shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modifications, suspensions or discontinuance of the Services, or any portion thereof. Nothing in these Terms of Use shall be construed to obligate Udacity to maintain and support the Services or any part or portion thereof, during the term of these Terms of Use.  All content or other material available on the Class Sites or through the Online Courses, including but not limited to on-line lectures, speeches, video lessons, quizzes, presentation materials, homework assignments, programming assignments, programs, code, and other images, text, layouts, arrangements, displays, illustrations, documents, materials, audio and video clips, HTML and files (collectively, the “Content”), are the property of Udacity and/or its affiliates or licensors and are protected by copyright, patent and/or other proprietary intellectual property rights under United States and foreign law.  Udacity logos, trademarks and service marks which may appear on the Class Sites (“Marks”), are the property of Udacity and are protected under United States and foreign laws. All other trademarks, service marks and logos used on the Services, with or without attribution, are the trademarks, service marks or logos of their respective owners. In addition, elements of the Class Sites are protected by trade dress and other federal and state intellectual property laws and may not be copied, reproduced, downloaded or distributed in any way in whole or in part without the express written consent of Udacity.  Except as otherwise expressly permitted in these Terms of Use, you may not copy, sell, re-sell, display, reproduce, publish, modify, create derivative works from, transfer, distribute or otherwise commercially exploit in any manner the Services or any Content. You may not reverse-engineer, decompile, disassemble or otherwise access the source code for any software that may be used to operate the Services. From time to time, Udacity may include software, code, instructions, or other such information in the Content or materials for the Services; any such information is provided on an “as-is” basis for instructional purposes only and is subject to the Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitation of Liabilities sections below and other terms herein. Any use of such information for commercial purposes is strictly prohibited. Udacity and/or its affiliates and licensors reserve all rights not expressly granted herein to the Services, Content, and Marks.  License to Use the Class Sites and Online Courses  Subject to your compliance with these Terms of Use, Udacity hereby grants you a freely revocable, worldwide, non-exclusive, non- transferable, non-sublicensable limited right and license (a) to access, internally use and display the Services, including the Content, at your location solely as necessary to participate in the Online Courses as permitted hereunder, and (b) to download the Educational Content (as defined below) so that you may exercise the rights granted to you under the section entitled “Creative Commons license” below. You must abide by all copyright notices or restrictions contained on the Class Sites or the Content. You may not delete any attributions, legal or proprietary notices on the Class Sites or the Content.  License to Educational Content  Udacity hereby grants you a license in and to the Educational Content under the following terms and subject to the following conditions:of the Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial- NoDerivs 3.0 License ( http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0 and successor locations for such license) (the “CC License”), provided that, in each case, the Educational Content is specifically marked as being subject to the CC License. As used herein, “Educational Content” means the educational materials made available to you through the Online Courses, including such on-line lectures, speeches, video lessons, quizzes, presentation materials, homework assignments, programming assignments, code samples, and other educational materials and tools. Such Educational Content will be considered the “Licensed Material” under the terms of the CC License. Without limiting the generality of the terms of the CC License, the following are types of uses that Udacity expressly defines as falling outside of the definition of “non-commercial”:  (a) the sale or rental of (i) any part of the Educational Content, ((ii) any derivative works based at least in part on the Educational (Content, or (iii) any collective work that includes any part of the (Educational Content;  (b) the sale of access or a link to any part of the Educational (Content without first obtaining informed consent from the buyer (that the buyer is aware that the Educational Content, or such part (thereof, is available at the Website free of charge;  (c) providing training, support, or editorial services that use or (reference the Educational Content in exchange for a fee;  (d) the sale of advertisements, sponsorships, or promotions placed (on the Educational Content, or any part thereof, or the sale of (advertisements, sponsorships, or promotions on any website or blog (containing any part of the Educational Material, including without (limitation any “pop-up advertisements”;  (e) the use of Educational Content by a college, university, school, or other educational institution for instruction where tuition is charged; and  (f) the use of Educational Content by a for-profit corporation or non-profit entity for internal professional development or training.  User Content  The Online Courses may provide you with the ability to upload forum posts, chat with other Users, User discussions, profile pages, and other content and media for social interaction, or certain information and materials for use with the Class Sites or Online Courses, e.g., questions, hypotheticals, examples, etc. (collectively, “User Content”). Udacity does not claim ownership of any User Content you may submit or make available for inclusion on the Class Sites or Online Courses. Accordingly, subject to the license granted to Udacity below, User will be the sole and exclusive owner of any and all rights, title and interest in and to the User Content.  Additionally, from time to time, Udacity (or its third party service providers on behalf of Udacity) may request Users to make subtitles or captions for, or translations of, Content such as lecture videos and other Educational Content, and submit such subtitles, captions, or translations to Udacity through a Udacity website/portal or the website/portal of Udacity’s service provider. In the event that Udacity (or its service provider) makes such a request to you, Udacity will grant to you a freely revocable, worldwide, non- exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable limited right and license to make such subtitles, captions or translations provided that you agree to submit such subtitles, captions or translations to Udacity (or its applicable service provider), and such subtitles, captions and translations shall be considered User Content and subject to the license, representations, and warranties below (even if you fail to submit the subtitles, captions or translations to Udacity); and further provided that, you acknowledge and agree that by creating or submitting any such subtitles, captions or translations, you shall not obtain any rights or license in or to Udacity’s and its affiliate’s intellectual property, including but not limited to the Educational Content, related materials, or any underlying content. For clarity, the foregoing license to make subtitles, captions or translations, if given, shall in no way expand or otherwise affect, expressly or impliedly, the terms of the CC License, and any such license is given under this section and not under the CC License.  Additionally, in the event that you use any tools or other services of Udacity’s service provider in order to make subtitles, captions or translations, you agree to comply with any terms and conditions imposed by such servicer provider in conjunction with such use (e.g., those terms found at http://www.universalsubtitles.org/en/terms ).  With respect to any User Content you submit to Udacity (including for inclusion on the Class Sites or Online Courses) or that is otherwise made available to Udacity, you hereby grant Udacity an irrevocable, worldwide, perpetual, royalty-free and non-exclusive license to use, distribute, reproduce, modify, adapt, publicly perform and publicly display such User Content on the Class Sites or in the Online Courses or otherwise exploit the User Content, with the right to sublicense such rights (to multiple tiers), for any purpose (including for any commercial purpose); except that, with regard to User Content comprised of a subtitle, caption or translation of Content, you agree that the license granted to Udacity above shall be exclusive. Udacity reserves the right to remove any User Content at any time and for any reason.  To the extent that you provide any User Content, you represent and warrant that (a) you have all necessary rights, licenses and/or clearances to provide such User Content and permit Udacity to use such User Content as provided above, (b) such User Content is accurate and reasonably complete, (c) as between you and Udacity, you shall be responsible for the payment of any third party fees related to the provision and use of such User Content, and (d) such User Content does not and will not infringe or misappropriate any third party rights or constitute a fraudulent statement or misrepresentation or unfair business practices.  With respect to any submissions of User Content, you agree to comply with all applicable local rules including but not limited to rules regarding online conduct and acceptable content. Specifically, you agree to comply with all applicable laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported from the United States or the country in which you reside.  Use of Provided Communication Methods and Related Services  The Online Courses may provide you with the ability to post messages to User forums or User review pages, enter chat rooms or send similar messages and communications to third party service providers, other Users and/or Udacity. You agree to use communication methods available on the Online Courses only to send communications and materials related to the subject matter for which Udacity provided the communication method, and you further agree that all such communications by you shall be subject to and governed by these Terms of Use. By using any of the communications methods available on the Online Courses, you acknowledge and agree that (a) all communications methods constitute public, and not private, means of communication between you and the other party or parties, (b) communications sent to or received from third party service providers or other third parties are not endorsed, sponsored or approved by Udacity in any manner (unless expressly stated otherwise by Udacity) and (c) communications are not pre-reviewed, post- reviewed, screened, archived or otherwise monitored by Udacity in any manner, though Udacity reserves the right to do so at any time at its sole discretion in accordance with these Terms of Use. Additionally, through such communication methods, Udacity may make certain types of services available to you. For instance, Udacity may make available to you, as part of your participation in an Online Course, chat room services that allow you to communicate with Udacity staff members so that you may ask questions about the academic materials in the Online Course or about your general experiences on the Class Sites. You acknowledge and agree that such services (e.g., chat room services) may be monitored or recorded for quality control purposes and that the information or material provided as part of the services is considered “Content” under these Terms of Use and is provided for educational purposes only.  Payment Terms  To purchase any services or products offered by Udacity through the Class Sites, you must have Internet access and a current valid accepted payment method as indicated during sign-up (“Payment Method”). You agree to Udacity, or its third-party payment provider, storing your payment information. You also agree to pay the applicable fees for the services or products you purchase through the Udacity Class Sites as they become due, whether on a one-time or subscription basis.  Unless otherwise specified upon enrollment, for subscription products or services, your Payment Method will be authorized for up to approximately one month of service as soon as the free trial, if any, has concluded for the Online Course for which you register for a paid subscription and on a monthly basis thereafter until you cancel the subscription. For example, if you begin a paid subscription on January 1st for a 14 day free trial, you will be charged on January 15th for the first month, February 15th for the second month, and so on. Your billing data may vary slightly if your billing date does not have a corresponding date the next month (i.e. enrollment started on January 31 will be billed on February 28). Failure to pay may result in the termination of your subscription. Depending on where you transact with us, the type of payment method used and where your payment method was issued, your transaction with us may be subject to foreign exchange fees or differences in prices, including because of exchange rates. Udacity does not support all payment methods, currencies or locations for payment. Your obligation to pay fees continues through the end of the subscription period during which you cancel your subscription. All applicable taxes are calculated based on the billing information you provide us at the time of purchase. For subscription products or services, you may cancel at any time by going to your account settings. Other than stated above, you hereby acknowledge and agree that Udacity will not offer refunds on any fees and charges related to your subscription. This includes any partially used or unused periods for which you have already paid. Your obligation to pay fees continues through the end of the subscription period during which you cancel your subscription. We do not guarantee refunds for lack of usage or dissatisfaction. You understand and agree that not all promotions and pricing are available to all enrollees, and that specific additional terms and conditions may apply to certain promotional programs, pricing or geographic locations.  In some instances, you will be permitted to pre-enroll in a course subscription before the course has begun on the Course Site. In these cases you will be billed on the day the course begins and billed monthly thereafter. You may cancel at any time by going to your account settings. If you cancel your subscription at any time before the course begins, you will not be charged any further amounts, but likewise you may be ineligible for certain promotions and pricing in the future.  Currently, your subscription to Udacity products or services may start with a free trial. The free trial period for any of your subscriptions will last for the period of time specified during your sign-up. Free trials for any products or services may not be combined with certain other offers when specified in the offer language. If you have subscribed to a particular paid service or product within the last six (6) months, or if your Payment Method, physical address or email address has been associated with an account for that paid service, you are not eligible to receive a free trial for that service or product. If you begin your subscription with a free trial, we will begin billing your Payment Method for monthly membership fees at the end of the free trial period of your subscription unless you cancel prior to the end of the free trial period. Your Payment Method will be authorized for up to approximately one month of service as soon as you register for a free trial. In some instances, your available balance or credit limit may be reduced to reflect the authorization; however, no charges will be made against the Payment Method unless you do not cancel prior to the end of your free trial period. You may cancel at any time by going to your account settings. If you cancel your subscription during a free trial period, no charges will be made against your Payment Method. You may be ineligible for certain features of a product or service or promotions during your free trial period. For example, you cannot be awarded a Verified Certificate or similar certification during your free trial period because you must pay for at least one (1) month of a course subscription to be eligible for a Verified Certificate in that course. In the case of Nanodegree program you must pay for no less than one (1) month of Online Courses and meet all of the other then current requirements to obtain promotional pricing, rebates or discounts.  Sponsored Services Purchases  If you access pre–paid, gift, promotional or sponsored subscription products or services for any Nanodegree Program or other Udacity pre–paid or third party paid subscriptions ("Sponsored Services"), the Payment Method will be authorized for the number of months of the service noted in the product description for the payment amount indicated. Services may then be activated by any recipient or user by enrolling with us at Udacity.com or through other means contractually executed with Udacity.  Sponsored Services for any Nanodegree Program must be activated by the recipient by enrolling with us within sixty (60) days of purchase, and the enrolled user must accept our Terms of Service upon enrollment. In addition, an enrolled user may disenroll or terminate and in such cases the original purchaser may request a full refund in accordance with the procedures set forth in our Terms of Service at any time up to thirty (30) days after the date of enrollment. In all circumstances, the outside limit for request of a refund on the purchase of Sponsored Services, is the later of (a) thirty (30) days from enrollment, or (b) sixty (60) days after purchase to request. Refunds may be requested for any reason or no reason. Refunds processed will go only to the original purchaser of the Sponsored Services and no case will be paid out to the user or recipient. You or any user receiving Sponsored Services may not access free trial periods or subscriptions for Sponsored Services and the Udacity Fifty Percent Money–Back Guarantee program shall be unavailable for Sponsored Services purchases. Certain Nanodegree programs and promotions may also be excluded from the Sponsored Services program. Sponsored Services shall be solely for access for the period noted in the purchase documentation, purchase is solely for that Udacity program noted in the purchase documentation, and may not be credited for any other Udacity program. Udacity reserves the right to modify or update these terms with respect to activation and enrollment limitations for Sponsored Services at any time and/or discontinue the program, but in any event, purchases will receive the length of Sponsored Services for the period they have purchased for even if discontinued.  Sponsored Services purchases are not available for the following products or services: Udacity Connect or Nanodegree Plus. Udacity reserves the right to exclude other Nanodegree Programs from the Pre-Paid subscription or Sponsored Services model at any time in the future.  Services Availability and Limitations  You acknowledge and agree that Udacity’s services, including paid services and products, are not available at all times, and that certain usage limits may apply. Please refer to the FAQ for additional information about limitations and hours of availability. You also understand that Udacity, at its sole discretion, may limit, suspend, or terminate your use of all Udacity-provided services related to Udacity’s programs, such as access to Udacity Coaches, evaluation services, or certifications. You also understand that Udacity may modify or discontinue all services related to its programs at its sole discretion.  Disclaimer of Warranties  You expressly acknowledge and agree that your use of the Class Sites, the Online Courses and all Content and services available on the Class Sites is at your sole risk and responsibility. THE ONLINE COURSES (INCLUDING ANY CONTENT) ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” WITH NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NONINFRINGEMENT. YOU ASSUME TOTAL RESPONSIBILITY AND THE ENTIRE RISK FOR YOUR USE OF THE ONLINE COURSES AND CONTENT.  WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, WE DO NOT WARRANT THAT (A) THE CLASS SITES, CONTENT, OR THE ONLINE COURSES WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS OR EXPECTATIONS OR ACHIEVE THE INTENDED PURPOSES, (B) THE CLASS SITES OR THE ONLINE COURSES WILL NOT EXPERIENCE OUTAGES OR OTHERWISE BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE OR ERROR-FREE, (C) THE INFORMATION OR CONTENT OBTAINED THROUGH THE CLASS SITES OR THE ONLINE COURSES, SUCH AS CHAT ROOM SERVICES, WILL BE ACCURATE, COMPLETE, CURRENT, ERROR- FREE, COMPLETELY SECURE OR RELIABLE, OR (D) THAT DEFECTS IN OR ON THE CLASS SITES OR CONTENT WILL BE CORRECTED. YOU ASSUME ALL RISK OF PERSONAL INJURY, INCLUDING DEATH AND DAMAGE TO PERSONAL PROPERTY, SUSTAINED FROM USE OF THE ONLINE COURSES AND CONTENT.  Limitation of Liability  UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL UDACITY BE LIABLE TO THE USER OR ANY THIRD PARTY WITH RESPECT TO ANY SUBJECT MATTER OF THESE TERMS OF USE (INCLUDING ANY BREACH OF SECURITY OR DATA LOSS) UNDER ANY CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHER THEORY FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR LOST PROFITS, LOSS OR INACCURACY OF DATA OR DOCUMENTS OR COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS, SERVICES OR TECHNOLOGY, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES OR WHETHER ANY REMEDY SET FORTH HEREIN FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OR OTHERWISE. UDACITY’S TOTAL CUMULATIVE LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THESE TERMS OF USE WILL NOT EXCEED THE GREATER OF TWENTY U.S. DOLLARS ($20) OR THE AMOUNT OF FEES RECEIVED BY UDACITY FROM THE COMPLAINING USER FOR THE USE OF THE CLASS SITES OR ONLINE COURSES; THE EXISTENCE OF MULTIPLE CLAIMS SHALL NOT EXPAND OR INCREASE THE FOREGOING LIMITATION. THE PARTIES ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THIS CLAUSE REFLECTS THE AGREED UPON ALLOCATION OF RISK BETWEEN THE PARTIES AND THAT UDACITY WOULD NOT ENTER INTO THESE TERMS OF USE OR MAKE THE ONLINE COURSES AVAILABLE TO USER WITHOUT THESE LIMITATIONS ON LIABILITY. THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY WILL APPLY NOTWITHSTANDING THE FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED REMEDY SET FORTH HEREIN.  Linking to Other Sites  The Class Sites may contain links to pages on other websites (“Linked Sites”), and those Linked Sites may contain content or offer products and/or services for sale. Udacity does not author, edit, control, or monitor these Linked Sites. You acknowledge and agree that (a) we have no responsibility for the accuracy or availability of information provided by Linked Sites, and (b) we do not control or endorse the sponsors of such Linked Sites or the content, products, advertising, or other materials presented on such Linked Sites. We may remove any Linked Sites from the Class Sites at any time for any reason or for no reason.  UDACITY WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY TRANSACTIONS CONDUCTED BY YOU WITH THIRD PARTIES THROUGH THE LINKED SITES OR FOR ANY LIABILITY ARISING FROM THE REPRESENTATIONS OR INFORMATION PROVIDED ON SUCH LINKED SITES.  We appreciate that Linked Sites may contain material in which the operator of the Linked Sites has intellectual property rights. We respect those rights and provide the links for information purposes only. The fact that we have linked to any Linked Site does not create or imply any relationship or partnership with the operator of such Linked Site.  Indemnity  You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Udacity, its subsidiaries and affiliates, and each of their officers, directors, agents, employees, and assignees from any and all claims, liabilities, expenses and damages, including reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs, made by any third party relating to or arising out of (a) your use or attempted use of the Class Sites or Online Courses in violation of these Terms of Use, (b) your use or attempted use of any code, program, data, information or any other Content provided on the Class Sites or through the Online Courses in a manner inconsistent with these Terms of Use, (c) your use or your violation of any law or rights of any third party, or (d) your information you post or otherwise make available on the Class Sites or through the Online Courses, including without limitation any claim of infringement of intellectual property or other proprietary rights.  Termination of Rights  You agree that Udacity, in its sole discretion, may deactivate your account or otherwise terminate your use of the Class Sites or Online Courses for any reason or no reason, including, without limitation, if Udacity believes that you have (a) breached these Terms of Use; (b) infringed the intellectual property rights of a third party; (c) posted, uploaded or transmitted Unauthorized Content to the Class Sites; or (d) violated or acted inconsistently with the letter or spirit of these Terms of Use or any applicable code of conduct. You agree that any deactivation or termination of your access to the Class Sites or Online Courses may be effected without prior notice to you and that Udacity shall not be liable to you nor any third party for any termination of your account or the Online Courses. You also acknowledge that Udacity may retain and store your information on Udacity’s systems notwithstanding any termination of your account or the Online Courses.  Dispute Procedure and Claims of Copyright Infringement  Udacity respects the rights and intellectual property of others, and we ask our users to do the same. If you believe that your product or other work has been misrepresented or used in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, or your intellectual property rights have been otherwise violated, please provide Udacity’s Copyright Agent with the following information:   an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the product, copyright or other intellectual property interest; a description of the product, work or other intellectual property that you claim has been misrepresented or infringed; a description of where the material that you claim is misrepresenting or infringing your product, work or other intellectual property is located on the Online Courses;
your address, telephone number, and email address; a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the owner of the product, work, copyright or intellectual property, or its agent, or applicable law; and a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the product, work, copyright or intellectual property owner or authorized to act on such owner’s behalf.  Udacity’s Copyright Agent for notices of disputes or claims of copyright or other intellectual property infringement can be reached as follows:  Copyright Agent Udacity, Inc. 2465 Latham Street, 3rd Floor Mountain View, CA 94040 Phone: 650.938.9090 Email: support@udacity.com  Miscellaneous Provisions  You affirm that you are either 18 years of age or older, or an emancipated minor, or possess legal parental or guardian consent, and are fully able and competent to enter into these terms, conditions, obligations, affirmations, representations and warranties set forth in these Terms of Use. In any case, you affirm that you are over the age of 13 as the Online Courses are not intended for children under 13. If you under 13 years of age, do not use the Class Sites or Online Courses.  Udacity may freely transfer or assign any portion of its rights or delegate its obligations under these Terms of Use. You shall not transfer or assign, by operation of law or otherwise, any portion of your rights or delegate your obligations under these Terms of Use without the prior written consent of Udacity.  These Terms of Use shall be governed by, construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of California, as it is applied to agreements entered into and to be performed entirely within California and without giving effect to any principles of conflict of laws. You agree that any legal lawsuit or other action brought by Udacity, you or any third party to enforce these Terms of Use, or in connection with any matters related to the Class Sites or Online Courses, shall be subject only to the jurisdiction of the courts located in San Mateo County, California. Udacity makes no representations that the Class Sites operate (or are legally permitted to operate) in all geographic areas, or that the Class Sites, or information, services or products offered through the Class Sites are appropriate or available for use in other locations. Accessing the Class Sites from territories where the Class Sites, or any content or functionality of the Class Sites or portions thereof, including but not limited to functionality discussed in the Privacy Policy, is illegal is expressly prohibited. If you choose to access the Class Sites, you agree and acknowledge that you do so on your own initiative and at your own risk and that you are solely responsible for compliance with all applicable laws.  If any provision of these Terms of Use is found to be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from the other provisions herein, and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. Udacity shall have no liability under these Terms of Use to the extent arising from any failure of Udacity to perform any of its obligations under these Terms of Use due to any fire, flood, earthquakes, other acts of God, war, civil unrest, terrorism, Internet failures, governmental act or court order, national emergency, strikes or labor disputes or any other event not within Udacity’s reasonable control. Udacity shall not be responsible for damage or other problems caused by any unauthorized change to these Terms of Use made by way of hacking or cracking this page.  Any delay or failure on the part of Udacity to enforce any rights under these Terms of Use to which it may be entitled shall not, in any event, be construed as a waiver of the right and privilege to do so at any subsequent time.  These Terms of Use constitute the entire agreement between you and Udacity relating to the matters set forth herein, and shall not be modified except in writing, as posted on the Class Sites by Udacity or through a specific writing between you and Udacity.  Any notice which may be required to be given to us under these Terms of Use may be sent to us by writing or emailing to the following addresses:  Udacity, Inc. 2465 Latham Street, 3rd Floor Mountain View, CA 94040 Email: support@udacity.com  The section titles herein are displayed for convenience only and have no legal effect.  Privacy Policy  At Udacity (“Udacity”, “we”, “us”, “our”) we respect your privacy rights. We have created this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) to explain how we treat the information collected and received from your use of our websites, “http:// www.udacity.com” , “ http://www.knowlabs.com” , and “ http://www.ai-class.com” (each, a “Website” and collectively, the “Websites”). This Privacy Policy applies only to the Websites, and we are not responsible for the practices of persons, companies, institutions or websites that Udacity does not control, manage, or employ. Except as set forth in this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use Agreement (“Terms of Use”) and other published guidelines, we do not release personal information about our users without their permission.  What Information this Privacy Policy Covers  Some of our Website’s functionality can be used without revealing any personal information, though for features or services related to the online courses, personal information is required. If you do not use these specific features or services on the Website, then the only information we collect will be “Non-Personal Information” (i.e., information that cannot be used to identify you). Non-Personal Information includes information such as the web pages that you have viewed. In order to access certain features and benefits on our Website, you may need to submit “Personally Identifiable Information” (i.e., information that can be used to identify you). Personally Identifiable Information can include information such as your name and email address, among other things. You are responsible for ensuring the accuracy of the Personally Identifiable Information you submit to Udacity. Inaccurate information may affect your ability to use the Website, the information you receive when using the Website, and our ability to contact you. For example, your email address should be kept current because that is one of the primary manners in which we communicate with you.  What You Consent to by Using Our Website  Please understand that by submitting any Personally Identifiable Information to us, you consent and agree that we may collect, use, disclose and retain such Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use, and as permitted or required by law. If you do not agree with these terms, then please do not provide any Personally Identifiable Information to us. If you refuse or withdraw your consent, or if you choose not to provide us with any required Personally Identifiable Information, we may not be able to provide you with the services that can be offered on our Website.  What Information We Collect  We gather two types of information about users through the Website:  NON-PERSONAL INFORMATION  When users come to our Website, we may track, collect and aggregate Non-Personal Information indicating, among other things, which pages of our Website were visited, the order in which they were visited, when they were visited, and which hyperlinks were “clicked.” We also collect information from the URLs from which you linked to our Website. Collecting such information may involve logging the IP address, operating system and browser software used by each user of the Website. Although such information is not Personally Identifiable Information, we may be able to determine from an IP address a user’s Internet Service Provider and the geographic location of his or her point of connectivity.  We also use or may use cookies and/or web beacons to help us determine and identify repeat visitors, the type of content and sites to which a user of our Website links, the length of time each user spends at any particular area of our Website, and the specific functionalities that users choose to use. Essentially, cookies are a user’s identification card for the Udacity servers. Web beacons are small graphic files linked to our servers that allow us to track your use of our Website and related functionalities. Cookies and web beacons allow Udacity to serve you better and more efficiently, and to personalize your experience at our Website. Cookies and web beacons are not used to retain Personally Identifiable Information. From time to time we may also use additional typical methods of collecting data.  You should be able to control how and whether cookies will be accepted by your web browser. Most browsers offer instructions on how to reset the browser to reject cookies in the “Help” section of the toolbar. If you reject our cookies, many functions and conveniences of this Website may not work properly.  PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION  We collect Personally Identifiable Information that you provide to us when you sign-up for email updates or online courses, participate in our public forums, send us email messages, and/or participate in online courses or receive other services on or through our Website. Among other things, we may use the Personally Identifiable Information that you provide to respond to your questions, provide you the specific course and/or services you select, send you updates about online courses offered by Udacity or other Udacity events, and send you email messages about Website maintenance or updates, among other things.  UPDATES  Udacity may offer you the ability to receive updates either via email or by posting on portions of the Website only accessible to registered users. In order to subscribe to these services, you may be required to provide us with Personally Identifiable Information such as your name and email address.  FORUMS  Udacity may offer public forums from time to time (the “Forums”) where you can share comments and thoughts. In order to participate in the Forums, you may be required to register with us and/or provide us with Personally Identifiable Information such as your name and email address. “Personally Identifiable Information” shall not include any information posted or sent by or to you via any public Forum.  PARTICIPATION IN ONLINE COURSES  From time to time, Udacity may offer you the opportunity to participate in an online course on or through the Website. If you desire to participate in a course, you will be asked to provide us with certain information necessary to conduct such a course. This information may include, among other things, your name and email address. Udacity, or its third party service providers, may, for instance, collect certain information from you in conjunction with assignments, exams and other assessments related to the online course. For example, as part of a proctored exam for a course, Udacity (or its third party service providers) may collect certain information from you in order to (a) verify or authenticate your identity or submissions made by you, such as a signature for a test or assignment log, a photograph or recording of you (e.g., using a webcam) or information included on a photo identification card or document, or (b) monitor your performance during an exam to confirm that you are abiding by the applicable test rules or requirements (e.g., confirming that you are not using prohibited resources). Udacity may also collect information from you or about your performance or accomplishments related to the course, such as quiz/exam scores, grades, project evaluations, teacher evaluations and other evaluations of your performance or accomplishments.  COMMUNICATIONS WITH UDACITY  We may receive Personally Identifiable Information when you send us an email message or otherwise contact us through other means of communication.  PROVIDING SERVICES TO YOU  When you use certain services that are available on or through the Websites, you may be required to provide us with Personally Identifiable Information. For example, Udacity may make available to you chat room services that allow you to communicate with Udacity staff members. When you use such services, you may send us Personally Identifiable Information.  PURCHASES  When purchasing products or services through the Websites, you may be required to provide us with Personally Identifiable Information, such as your name, address, billing information (i.e., credit card information and billing address) (“Billing Information”), shipping address, email address and birth date.  THIRD PARTY WEBSITES  We may receive Personally Identifiable Information when you access or log-in to a third party website, e.g., Facebook, from our Websites. This may include the text and/or images of your Personally Identifiable Information available from the third party website.  # We Use the Information  Please take some time to familiarize yourself with the different ways Udacity uses the information that we gather.  NON-PERSONAL INFORMATION  We use Non-Personal Information in aggregate form to build higher quality, more useful services by performing statistical analyses of the collective characteristics and behavior of our users, and by measuring demographics and interests regarding specific areas of our Website.  PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION  This Privacy Policy serves as notice that we collect Personally Identifiable Information in the manners described herein. Except as set forth in this Privacy Policy or as specifically agreed to by you, Udacity will not disclose any Personally Identifiable Information we gather from you on the Website. In addition to the other uses set forth in this Privacy Policy, we may disclose and otherwise use Personally Identifiable Information as described below.  UPDATES  We use Personally Identifiable Information collected when you sign-up for our various email or update services to send you the messages in connection with the Website or an online course. We may also archive this information and/or use it for future communications with you.  FORUMS  We use Personally Identifiable Information collected during your use of the Forums to facilitate your use of the Forums. In addition we may publish this information either on the Website and/or in other publications. We may also archive this information and/or use it for future communications with you and/or your designee(s).  PARTICIPATION IN ONLINE COURSES  We use the Personally Identifiable Information that we collect from you when you participate in an online course through the Website for managing and processing purposes, including but not limited to tracking attendance, progress and completion of an online course. As part of our management and processing of the online course, we will use certain Personally Identifiable Information to administer exams, projects, and other assessments for the online course. For example, as part of a proctored exam or exit interview for the course, Udacity may use certain information collected from you in order to verify your identity, or to monitor your performance during the exam to confirm that you are abiding by the applicable testing rules or requirements. We may share Personally Identifiable Information that we collect from you when you participate in an online course with the particular educational partner (e.g., such as a university or company) that developed or offered the online course and the instructor(s) who taught, managed or otherwise oversaw the course. For example, if you are taking a course through a university, we may share Personally Identifiable Information about you and your performance with the university to report on your progress in the course. In another example, if you are taking a course sponsored or paid for by your employer, we may share your grades, evaluations, or progress in the course with your employer and other Personally Identifiable Information. This information may be shared at any time during the course or afterwards. Personally Identifiable Information shared with our educational partners will be subject to the privacy policies and procedures of such partners. Also, we may archive this information and/or use it for future communications with you.  COMMUNICATIONS WITH UDACITY  When you send us an email message or otherwise contact us, we may use the information provided by you to respond to your communication and/or as described in this Privacy Policy. We may also archive this information and/or use it for future communications with you.  PROVIDING SERVICES TO YOU  We use Personally Identifiable Information in order to provide services to you, such as services that you request in conjunction with the online courses. We may use your Personally Identifiable Information in order to provide such services to you and for quality control purposes, and we may also archive this information and/or use it for future communications with you. For example, Udacity may make available to you chat room services that allow you to communicate with Udacity staff members and we may use your Personally Identifiable Information to provide these services to you. Moreover, in certain circumstances, we may share certain information and materials with third parties in order to provide you services that you have requested. For example, we may submit your data to potential employers.  PURCHASES  We use Personally Identifiable Information collected during the purchasing process to fulfill the order or request and provide the product or service to you (either directly or through our providers). Billing Information may be archived by us or our providers. We may archive Personally Identifiable Information other than Billing Information and/or use it for future communications with you.  THIRD PARTY WEBSITES  We use the Personally Identifiable Information collected from third party websites for internal purposes. To the extent such Personally Identifiable Information contains images of you, you grant Udacity a limited, non-exclusive right to use, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of or publicly display such images and/or your likeness for fundraising.  DISCLOSURE TO OUR BUSINESS PARTNERS  Udacity may share Personally Identifiable Information with third party business partners, such as companies that may be offering products or services or other opportunities that may be of interest to you, but only after obtaining your consent.  DISCLOSURE TO UDACITY SERVICE PROVIDERS  Our operations and maintenance contractors and other service providers may have limited access to your Personally Identifiable Information in the course of providing products or services to us. These contractors may include vendors and suppliers that provide us with technology, services (e.g., test proctoring services), and/or content related to the operation and maintenance of the Website or the online course. Access to your Personally Identifiable Information by these contractors is limited to the information reasonably necessary for the contractor to perform its limited function for us.  GOVERNMENT AUTHORITIES, LEGAL RIGHTS AND ACTIONS  Udacity may share your Personally Identifiable Information with various government authorities in response to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal process; to establish or exercise our legal rights or to protect our property; to defend against legal claims; or as otherwise required by law. In such cases we reserve the right to raise or waive any legal objection or right available to us. We also may share your Personally Identifiable Information when we believe it is appropriate to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal or suspected illegal activities; to protect and defend the rights, property, or safety of Udacity, the Website, our users, customers, or others; and in connection with our Terms of Use and other agreements.  DISCLOSURE TO ACQUIRERS  Udacity may disclose and/or transfer your Personally Identifiable Information to an acquirer, assignee or other successor entity in connection with a sale, merger, or reorganization of all or substantially all of the equity, business or assets of Udacity to which your Personally Identifiable Information relates.  Third Party Tracking  Third parties, including linked sites and applications (e.g., Facebook and YouTube), customer support services and data analytics services, may collect information about you in connection with your use of the Website (e.g., usage information). Such third parties may use tracking technologies in connection with the Website, which may include the collection of information about your online activities over time and across third-party web sites or online services. In some cases, third party tracking tools may only collect Non-Personal Information about your use on the Website. However, in other cases, such third parties may collect Personally Identifiable Information about you as they engage in these activities (e.g., customer support services may obtain your name and email address in conjunction with their support activities).  Currently, we do not monitor or take any action with respect to Web browser signals or other mechanisms for the expression of choice regarding collection of information about an individual over time and across third-party web sites or online services (e.g., Web browser “do not track” signals).  External Links  For your convenience we may provide links to websites operated by companies other than Udacity (“Third Party Sites”) that we believe may be of interest to you. We do not disclose your Personally Identifiable Information to these Third Party Sites without obtaining your consent. We do not endorse and are not responsible for the privacy practices of these Third Party Sites. If you choose to click on a link to one of these Third Party Sites, you should review the privacy policy posted on the other website to understand how that Third Party Site collects and uses your Personally Identifiable Information.  Confidentiality, Security and Retention of Personally Identifiable Information  We consider the confidentiality and security of your information to be of the utmost importance. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to keep your Personally Identifiable Information private and will not share it with third parties, except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy, or unless we have good faith belief that such disclosure is necessary in special cases, such as a physical threat to you or others. Udacity takes reasonable measures to protect your Personally Identifiable Information from disclosure to or access by third parties. Please note that we do not guarantee the security of Personally Identifiable Information, and there is some risk that an unauthorized third party may find a way to circumvent our security systems or that transmission of your information over the Internet will be intercepted. Also note that we may retain and store your information in our databases and systems even after your Udacity account is deactivated.  Updating or Deleting Your Personally Identifiable Information  We maintain a procedure in order to help you confirm that your Personally Identifiable Information remains correct and up-to-date or choose whether or not you wish to receive material from us or some of our partners.  You may unsubscribe from certain email communications by going to https://classroom.udacity.com/settings/personal-info . You may also update your Personally Identifiable Information by logging into the Website and visiting your user account page. Keep in mind, however, that even after updates to your Personally Identifiable Information, we may maintain and store older versions of such information within our databases, access logs and other records.  If you have any privacy-related questions or unresolved problems, you may contact us using the information provided below.  Changing Our Privacy Policy  Please note that we review our privacy practices from time to time, and that these practices are subject to change. Any change, update, or modification will be effective immediately upon posting on our Website. We will take reasonable steps to notify you of any material changes or modifications to this Privacy Policy. We will also change the effective date of this Privacy Policy (located at the bottom of this page). Be sure to return to this page periodically to ensure familiarity with the most current version of this Privacy Policy.  Protecting Children’s Privacy  Udacity strongly believes in protecting the privacy of children. In line with this belief, we do not knowingly collect or maintain Personally Identifiable Information on our Website from persons under 13 years of age, and no part of our Website is directed to persons under 13 years of age. If you are under 13 years of age, then please do not use or access this Website at any time or in any manner. We will take appropriate steps to delete any Personally Identifiable Information of persons less than 13 years of age that has been collected on our Website without verified parental consent upon learning of the existence of such Personally Identifiable Information.  Contacting Udacity  If you have any questions, comments or complaints about this Privacy Policy or our Website, please contact us:  Email: support@udacity.com  Address:
Udacity Inc.
2465 Latham Street, 3rd Floor
Mountain View, CA 94040  Our Privacy Policy was last updated January 14, 2014.  © 2011-2018, Udacity, Inc. All rights reserved.  Special Terms  Regionally Specific Featured Programs VR Foundations VR Mobile 360 VR High Immersion Google Analytics Android Basics Machine Learning Engineer Become an iOS Developer Business Analyst Data Analyst Front-End Web Developer Full Stack Web Developer Intro to Programming React Only At Udacity Artificial Intelligence Deep Learning Digital Marketing Machine Learning Engineer Robotics Software Engineer Nanodegree Self-Driving Car Engineer Resources Nanodegrees Free Courses Career Resource Center Student Success Company About Blog Jobs Enterprise Udacity for Enterprise Corporate Training Hire Graduates Support Contact Us Help and FAQ Service Status Legal & Privacy © 2011–2019 Udacity, Inc. Legal & Privacy Regulatory Information Site Map India China Europe United States "Nanodegree" is a registered trademark of Udacity. © 2011–2019 Udacity, Inc. Udacity is not an accredited university and we don't confer degrees. Udacity Nanodegree programs are unique educational programs that are not affiliated with any university or sanctioned by the University Grants Commission.  