https://in.udacity.com/courses/all
                    Free Courses Nanodegree Hire Talent For Enterprise Refer & Earn Log In Course Finder Nanodegree For Enterprise Hire Talent Course Finder Log In Refer & Earn Program Catalog Sort by Popular Sort by Newest Filters Filter By Select Program Details Type Nanodegree Free Courses Skill Level Beginner Intermediate Advanced Estimated Duration <1 month 1 - 3 months 3+ months Industry Skills Skills AI Algorithms AR development ARKit Alteryx Android Development Blueprint programming C++ Career Advancement CSS Controls and Estimation Core Data Deep Learning Design Sprint Digital Marketing Display Ads Excel Facebook Marketing Google VR SDK for Unity HTML Java programming JavaScript Jupyter Notebooks Kalman Filters Machine Learning Mobile Web Apps Networking Neural Networks Offline Capable Web Apps Optimization Predictive Modeling Probability Prototyping Python React React Native Redux Robot Operating System Robotics SQL Search Ads Search Algorithms Self-Driving Cars Social Media Marketing Statistics Supervised Learning Swift programming Tableau UIKit Unity Unity ARKit Plugin Unreal Unsupervised Learning User testing VR development Web Tooling and Automation YouTube Marketing Filter By Select Program Details Type Nanodegree Free Courses Skill Level Beginner Intermediate Advanced Estimated Duration <1 month 1 - 3 months 3+ months Industry Skills Skills AI Algorithms AR development ARKit Alteryx Android Development Blueprint programming C++ Career Advancement CSS Controls and Estimation Core Data Deep Learning Design Sprint Digital Marketing Display Ads Excel Facebook Marketing Google VR SDK for Unity HTML Java programming JavaScript Jupyter Notebooks Kalman Filters Machine Learning Mobile Web Apps Networking Neural Networks Offline Capable Web Apps Optimization Predictive Modeling Probability Prototyping Python React React Native Redux Robot Operating System Robotics SQL Search Ads Search Algorithms Self-Driving Cars Social Media Marketing Statistics Supervised Learning Swift programming Tableau UIKit Unity Unity ARKit Plugin Unreal Unsupervised Learning User testing VR development Web Tooling and Automation YouTube Marketing All Schools Artificial Intelligence Artificial Intelligence Deep Learning Deep Reinforcement Learning Machine Learning Computer Vision AI Programming with Python Natural Language Processing Artificial Intelligence for Trading Data Science Data Analyst Data Foundations Data Scientist Business Analyst Programming and Development Android Developer Android Basics Blockchain Intro To Programming Front End Developer Full Stack Developer Python Programming AI Programming with Python Mobile Web Specialist React Virtual Reality Unreal ARKit IOT iOS Autonomous Systems Flying Car Robotics Intro to Self Driving Car Self Driving Car Business Digital Marketing Google Ads Google Analytics Design Sprint Data Foundations Business Analyst Career Applying to Jobs Interviewing School All Schools Artificial Intelligence Artificial Intelligence Deep Learning Deep Reinforcement Learning Machine Learning Computer Vision AI Programming with Python Natural Language Processing Artificial Intelligence for Trading Data Science Data Analyst Data Foundations Data Scientist Business Analyst Programming and Development Android Developer Android Basics Blockchain Intro To Programming Front End Developer Full Stack Developer Python Programming AI Programming with Python Mobile Web Specialist React Virtual Reality Unreal ARKit IOT iOS Autonomous Systems Flying Car Robotics Intro to Self Driving Car Self Driving Car Business Digital Marketing Google Ads Google Analytics Design Sprint Data Foundations Business Analyst Career Applying to Jobs Interviewing Apply Filters New School of Programming VR Foundations Skills Covered Unity, VR Principles, Major VR Platforms, VR Scenes and Objects, Programming Animations Collaboration With Unity beginner Nanodegree Details beginner Learn the Unity game engine, C#, and Google Cardboard, and gain foundational VR knowledge and skills. Learn More New School of Programming VR Mobile 360 Skills Covered Unity, VR Design Principles, VR Platforms and Applications, Mobile Performance, 360 Media Production Collaboration With Unity intermediate Nanodegree Details intermediate Combine a specific focus on Mobile 360 Media with learning core Unity game engine and C# skills, and advance your VR expertise Learn More New School of Programming VR High-Immersion Skills Covered Unity, VR Design Principles, VR Platforms and Applications, High-Immersion, Performance Bounceback Collaboration With Unity intermediate Nanodegree Details intermediate Learn the advanced tools and techniques required for creating high-immersion VR experiences, as you build upon your Unity Game Engine and C# skills. Learn More New School Of Business Google Analytics Collaboration With Google, E-Nor intermediate Nanodegree Details intermediate Advance your marketing or data analytics career. Unlike other online programs, our curriculum is shaped by Google’s Google Analytics education experts and provides students with an in-depth Google Analytics education using real-world projects and real data. Learn More New School of AI Artificial Intelligence for Trading Collaboration With WorldQuant intermediate Nanodegree Details intermediate Complete real-world projects designed by industry experts, covering topics from asset management to trading signal generation. Master AI algorithms for trading, and build your career-ready portfolio. Learn More School of Programming Python Foundation Skills Covered Programming, pandas, NumPy intermediate Nanodegree Details intermediate Learn how to program in Python and get ready for a career in data science, machine learning, deep learning, and artificial intelligence. Learn More School of Data Science Data Analyst Skills Covered Python, SQL, Statistics, Data Wrangling, Data Visualization Collaboration With Kaggle, Mode intermediate Nanodegree Details intermediate Learn to clean up messy data, uncover patterns and insights, make predictions using machine learning, and clearly communicate your findings. Learn More School of AI Machine Learning Foundation Skills Covered Introduction to Programming, Descriptive Statistics, Linear Algebra, Inferential Statistics, Evaluation and Verification Collaboration With kaggle beginner Nanodegree Details beginner Learn Python, Statistics and Linear Algebra to get your foundations right and ready for the advanced Machine Learning Engineer Nanodegree Program. Learn More School of AI AI Programming with Python beginner Nanodegree Details beginner Learn Python, NumPy, Pandas, Matplotlib, PyTorch, Calculus, and Linear Algebra—the foundations for building your own neural network. Learn More School of Programming Become an Android Developer Skills Covered Android Development, Databases, Android Networking Libraries, Crash Analysis, Multilingual Support, Android Libraries, Gradle, APIs Collaboration With Google intermediate Nanodegree Details intermediate Start your career as an Android developer. Learn best practices for mobile development, build a portfolio of apps, and publish your own app to Google Play. Learn More School of Programming Become a Professional Full Stack Developer Skills Covered Python, JavaScript, SQL, HTML5 & CSS3, Python, Databases, Authentication & Authorization, AJAX & APIs, Configuration of Servers, Linux Basics Collaboration With Google, Amazon Web Services, GitHub, AT&T intermediate Nanodegree Details intermediate In this program, you’ll prepare for a job as a Full Stack Web Developer, and learn to create complex server-side web applications that use powerful relational databases to persistently store data. Learn More New School of Data Science Become a Data Scientist Collaboration With Bertelsmann, Figure Eight, IBM Watson, Insight, Kaggle, Starbucks advanced Nanodegree Details advanced Work on real-world data science projects designed by industry leaders. Enjoy support from mentors. Build your portfolio, and advance your data science career. Learn More School of Programming Android Basics by Google Skills Covered Android Development, Java programming, Android Studio, XML layouts, Android Views Collaboration With Google beginner Nanodegree Details beginner No programming experience? No Problem! Start developing Android apps today. Learn More School of Programming Java Foundation beginner Nanodegree Details beginner Build strong foundations in Java programming. Learn object-oriented programming in Java Learn More School of AI Artificial Intelligence Skills Covered AI Algorithms, Search Algorithms, Optimization, Planning, Pattern Recognition advanced Nanodegree Details advanced Learn essential Artificial Intelligence concepts from AI experts like Peter Norvig and Sebastian Thrun, including search, optimization, planning, pattern recognition, and more. Learn More School of Programming IoT Software Foundation Skills Covered Python programming, Backend Databases and Applications, C++ Basics, Performance Programming in C++, Hadoop and Mapreduce, Sensors and Controls, Natural Language Processing, Voice User Interfaces beginner Nanodegree Details beginner Build the future of smart living. Learn how to independently design, code, and build IOT products. Learn More School of Programming Become a Front End Developer Skills Covered JavaScript, jQuery, HTML5, HTML, CSS, Python, Object-Oriented Programming Collaboration With AT&T, Google, Github intermediate Nanodegree Details intermediate In the Front End Developer Nanodegree program, you will complete five projects and build a resume-worthy portfolio. Learn More School of AI Big Data Foundation Skills Covered Big data basics, Hadoop Distributed File System, MapReduce, Deploying Hadoop with Amazon EC2, Hadoop Cluster with Ambari beginner Nanodegree Details beginner Learn the basics of Hadoop, deploy Hadoop cluster and practice MapReduce (a big data programming tool invented by Google) Learn More School of Programming Learn to Code Skills Covered Introduction to Programming, HTML, CSS, Python beginner Nanodegree Details beginner Udacity's Intro to Programming is your first step towards careers in Web and App Development, Machine Learning, Data Science, AI, and more! This program is perfect for beginners. Learn More School Of Business Digital Marketing Skills Covered Digital Marketing, Social Media Marketing, Facebook Marketing, Search Engine Optimization, Search Engine Marketing Collaboration With Facebook Blueprint, Google, Hootsuite, HubSpot, MailChimp, Moz beginner Nanodegree Details beginner Gain real-world experience running live campaigns as you learn from top experts in the field. Launch your career with a 360-degree understanding of digital marketing. Learn More New School Of Autonomous Systems Robotics Software Engineer Skills Covered C++, ROS, Localization, Mapping, SLAM, Navigation, Path Planning advanced Nanodegree Details advanced Build five hands-on projects to acquire core robotics software engineering skills: ROS, Gazebo, Localization, Mapping, SLAM, Navigation, and Path Planning. Learn More School of AI Computer Vision Collaboration With Affectiva, Nvidia DLI advanced Nanodegree Details advanced Master the computer vision skills behind advances in robotics and automation. Write programs to analyze images, implement feature extraction, and recognize objects using deep learning models. Learn More School Of Autonomous Systems Intro to Self-Driving Cars Nanodegree Skills Covered Statistics, Linear Algebra, C++, Calculus and Controls Collaboration With Lyft, Polysync, Roborace, Voyage intermediate Nanodegree Details intermediate Build a foundation of technical abilities and take the first steps to becoming a self-driving car engineer! Learn More School Of Business Predictive Analytics for Business Collaboration With Alteryx, Tableau intermediate Nanodegree Details intermediate Learn to apply predictive analytics and business intelligence to solve real-world business problems Learn More School of Programming Become a Professional React Developer Skills Covered React, Redux, React Native intermediate Nanodegree Details intermediate React is completely transforming Front-End Development. Master this powerful UI library from Facebook with Udacity. Learn More School Of Autonomous Systems Self Driving Car Engineer Skills Covered Computer Vision, Deep Learning, Sensor Fusion, Localization Collaboration With Mercedes, Nvidia, Uber ATG, Didi, BMW, McLaren advanced Nanodegree Details advanced Self-driving cars are set to revolutionize the way we live. This is transformational technology, on the cutting-edge of robotics, machine learning, software engineering, and mechanical engineering. In this program, you’ll learn the skills and techniques used by self-driving car teams at the most advanced technology companies in the world. Learn More School of AI Natural Language Processing Collaboration With Amazon Alexa, IBM Watson advanced Nanodegree Details advanced Master the skills to get computers to understand, process, and manipulate human language. Build models on real data, and get hands-on experience with sentiment analysis, machine translation, and more. Learn More School of Programming Become an iOS Developer Skills Covered Swift programming, Core Data, UIKit, iOS networking, app publishing, User interfaces, Local Persistence, APIs Collaboration With AT&T, Lyft, Google intermediate Nanodegree Details intermediate Master the Swift programming language, and create a portfolio of iOS apps for iPhone and iPad to showcase your skills! Learn More School Of Autonomous Systems Flying Car and Autonomous Flight Engineer Nanodegree Skills Covered 3D Motion Planning, Controls, Estimation, Kalman Filters advanced Nanodegree Details advanced Master job-ready autonomous flight software engineering skills as you tackle advanced challenges, write real code for real aircraft, and develop a systems understanding of the Flying Car full-stack. Learn More School of Programming Become a Mobile Web Specialist Skills Covered Mobile Web Apps, Web Tooling and Automation, Offline Capable Web Apps, Performant Web Apps, Asynchronous JavaScript Requests Collaboration With Google advanced Nanodegree Details advanced Prepare for Google's Mobile Web Specialist certification with courses from Google Learn More School of AI Machine Learning Engineer Skills Covered Machine Learning, Supervised Learning, Unsupervised Learning, Reinforcement Learning, Deep Learning Collaboration With Kaggle, AWS advanced Nanodegree Details advanced In this program you will master Supervised, Unsupervised, Reinforcement, and Deep Learning fundamentals. You will also complete a capstone project in your chosen domain. Learn More School Of Business Become a Google Ads expert Skills Covered Search Ads, Display Ads, YouTube Marketing, Google Shopping Campaigns, Google Ads Remarketing beginner Nanodegree Details beginner In this program, you’ll gain a 360-degree understanding of the new Google Ads as you run live campaigns with real budgets. Topics include: Search, Display, Video, App Advertising, and more. Learn More School Of Business Design Sprint Foundations Skills Covered Design Sprint, Prototyping, User testing beginner Nanodegree Details beginner Learn to use the Design Sprint process to test ideas, leverage opportunities, and power innovation. With expert instruction and hands-on training, you’ll become an exceptional problem-solver. Learn More New School of AI Deep Reinforcement Learning Collaboration With Unity, Nvidia-deep-learning-institute advanced Nanodegree Details advanced Master the deep reinforcement learning skills that are powering amazing advances in AI. Then start applying these to applications like video games and robotics. Learn More School of AI Deep Learning Skills Covered Deep Learning, Neural Networks, Jupyter Notebooks, CNNs, GANs intermediate Nanodegree Details intermediate Deep learning is driving advances in artificial intelligence that are changing our world. Enroll now to build and apply your own deep neural networks to produce amazing solutions to important challenges. Learn More Free School of Programming Developing Android Apps Skills Covered Android Development, Layouts, Intents, UI Collaboration With Google intermediate Course Details intermediate Build a cloud-connected Android app, and learn the tools, principles, and best practices of mobile and Android development that you'll apply to your own projects. Learn More Free School of Programming Android Basics: User Interface Skills Covered Android Development, Building Layouts, Android Studio, Views and ViewGroups, Styling Collaboration With Google beginner Course Details beginner Learn how to design your first layout in Android! This is the first course in the Android Basics Nanodegree program. Learn More Free School of Programming Intro to Computer Science Skills Covered Python, Managing Data, Responding to Queries, How programs run beginner Course Details beginner Learn key computer science concepts in this introductory Python course. You'll learn by doing, and will build your own search engine and social network. Learn More New Career Advancement Refresh Your Resume Skills Covered Resume writing, Company targeting, Storytelling, Career Advancement Collaboration With Grow With Google beginner Course Details beginner Create a targeted resume that gets the attention of recruiters and lands you an interview in tech. Learn More Free School of AI Deep Learning Skills Covered Neural Networks, Convolutional Neural Networks, Computer Vision, Natural Language Processing, TensorFlow Collaboration With Google intermediate Course Details intermediate Show off what you've learned in your Nanodegree program with a project that defines Learn More Free School of Programming Intro to JavaScript Skills Covered JavaScript, Conditionals, Loops, Data Types & Variables beginner Course Details beginner Learn the fundamentals of JavaScript, the most popular programming language in web development. Learn More New Career Advancement Data Structures & Algorithms in Swift Skills Covered Interview practice, Swift, Data structures, Career Advancement intermediate Course Details intermediate Review and practice the skills technical interviewers expect you to know and learn how to explain your Swift solutions. Learn More Free School of AI Intro to Machine Learning Skills Covered Machine Learning, Supervised Learning, Unsupervised Learning, Evaluation Metrics, Data Manipulation intermediate Course Details intermediate This class will teach you the end-to-end process of investigating data through a machine learning lens, and you'll apply what you've learned to a real-world data set. Learn More Free School of Programming Intro to HTML and CSS Skills Covered HTML, CSS, CSS Syntax, HTML Syntax Problem Set beginner Course Details beginner In this course, you'll learn the fundamentals web development, along with best practices and professional problem-solving techniques using Developer Tools. Learn More Free School of Programming Java Programming Basics Skills Covered Java Programming, Java Syntax, Java Functions, Loops beginner Course Details beginner Take your first steps towards becoming a Java developer! Learn Java syntax and create conditional statements, loops, and functions. Learn More New Career Advancement Strengthen Your LinkedIn Network & Brand Skills Covered Personal branding, LinkedIn, Networking, Career Advancement Collaboration With Grow With Google beginner Course Details beginner Learn how to excel at networking both in-person and on LinkedIn. Learn More Free School of Programming How to Use Git and GitHub Skills Covered GitHub, Version Control, Repositories beginner Course Details beginner Learn to use version control, an important tool for any developer.  The course will focus on Git, a specific version control system, and GitHub, a collaboration platform. Learn More Free School of Programming Programming Foundations with Python Skills Covered Python, Functions, Classes, Create a Class beginner Course Details beginner Introductory programming class to learn Object-Oriented Programming, a must-have technique to reuse and share code easily. Learn by making projects that spread happiness! Learn More Free School of AI Intro to Artificial Intelligence Skills Covered Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Probability, Logic and Planning, Markov models intermediate Course Details intermediate This course will introduce you to the basics of AI. Topics include machine learning, probabilistic reasoning, robotics, computer vision, and natural language processing. Learn More New Career Advancement Craft Your Cover Letter Skills Covered Creating a narrative, Targeting your pitch, Communicating value, Career Advancement beginner Course Details beginner Write a compelling narrative that showcases your value to the company. Learn More New Career Advancement iOS Interview Prep Skills Covered Interview practice, Common iOS Questions, Whiteboarding, Career Advancement intermediate Course Details intermediate Answer iOS and mobile development interview questions with confidence and poise. Learn More Free School of AI Intro to Descriptive Statistics Skills Covered Descriptive Statistics, Estimation, Central Limit Theorem beginner Course Details beginner Intro to Descriptive Statistics will teach you the basic concepts of statistics that can be used to extract information from data. Learn More New School of Programming Build Native Mobile Apps with Flutter Skills Covered Android Development Collaboration With Google intermediate Course Details intermediate Learn from experts at Google how to use Flutter to craft high-quality native interfaces on iOS and Android devices in record time. Learn More New Career Advancement Android Interview Prep Skills Covered Interview practice, Common Android Questions, Whiteboarding, Career Advancement Collaboration With Grow With Google intermediate Course Details intermediate Learn how to respond to common Android and mobile development interview questions. Learn More Free School of Data Science Intro to Data Analysis Skills Covered Data Analysis, Python, numpy, pandas beginner Course Details beginner Explore a variety of datasets, posing and answering your own questions about each. You'll be using the Python libraries NumPy, Pandas, and Matplotlib. Learn More Free School of Programming Android Basics: User Input Skills Covered Android Development, Java, Object Oriented Programming, Conditional Code, Methods, Variables Collaboration With Google beginner Course Details beginner Learn how to make your apps interactive using buttons and text! In this course you'll learn the basics of the Java programming language and how to apply them to Android. Learn More Free School Of Business How to Build a Startup Skills Covered Entrepreneurship, Value Proposition, Revenue Models, Customer Segments intermediate Course Details intermediate Learn what it takes to build a successful startup using the Customer Development process, where entrepreneurs "get out of the building" to gather and iterate on feedback. Learn More New Career Advancement VR Interview Prep Skills Covered Interview practice, Common VR Questions, Whiteboarding, Career Advancement Collaboration With Grow With Google intermediate Course Details intermediate Learn how to tackle interview questions for technical roles in VR Development. Learn More Free School of Programming Intro to Statistics Skills Covered Probability, Descriptive Statistics, Inferential Statistics beginner Course Details beginner Get ready to analyze, visualize, and interpret data! Thought-provoking examples and chances to combine statistics and programming will keep you engaged and challenged. Learn More New Career Advancement Optimize Your GitHub Skills Covered GitHub, Version Control, Repositories, Career Advancement Collaboration With Grow With Google beginner Course Details beginner Get noticed by recruiters and hiring managers with a professional GitHub Profile. Learn best practices on commit style and contributing to open source. Learn More Free School of Data Science Intro to Data Science Skills Covered Data Analysis Process, pandas (Python package), MapReduce paradigm intermediate Course Details intermediate What does a data scientist do? In this course, we will survey the main topics in data science so you can understand the skills that are needed to become a data scientist! Learn More Free School of Programming Advanced Android App Development Skills Covered Android Development, Fragments, Libraries, Firebase, Espresso Collaboration With Google advanced Course Details advanced Make your app production-ready by applying advanced features like library integration, material design, widgets, receiving cloud messages, and more! Learn More New Career Advancement Data Science Interview Prep Skills Covered Interview practice, Common Data Questions, Data Structures, Career Advancement intermediate Course Details intermediate Prepare for data science interviews by practicing data analysis, machine learning, and data structure and algorithms questions. Learn More Free School of Programming Android Basics: Multiscreen Apps Skills Covered Android Development, Intents and Activities, Data, Loops and Custom Classes, Images and Visual Polish, Audio and Libraries Collaboration With Google beginner Course Details beginner Learn to build multiple screens and link them together, expanding the range of apps you can create! You'll also learn how to play audio and add images to your apps. Learn More New Career Advancement Full-Stack Interview Prep Skills Covered Interview practice, Common FS Questions, Whiteboarding, Career Advancement intermediate Course Details intermediate Answer common full stack and web security interview questions with confidence and poise. Learn More Free School of Programming Scalable Microservices with Kubernetes Skills Covered Microservices, Docker, Kubernetes, Deploying Microservices Collaboration With Google intermediate Course Details intermediate This course is designed to teach you about managing microservices, using Kubernetes. This course is built in partnership with experts such as Google’s Kelsey Hightower. Learn More Free School of Programming Responsive Web Design Fundamentals Skills Covered Responsive design patterns, Remote debugging and emulation, Optimizing layout, CSS media queries, CSS flexbox Collaboration With Google intermediate Course Details intermediate Learn and practice strategies for developing websites that look great on every device! Made with Google's Pete LePage. Learn More Free School of Programming Linux Command Line Basics Skills Covered Command line interface (Linux server), Terminal and Shell (GNU Bash), Linux filesystem, Shell commands beginner Course Details beginner An introduction to the Linux command line interface. Learn More Free School of AI Introduction to Computer Vision Skills Covered Image Processing, Stereo Geometry, Feature Detection & Matching, Object Tracking, Classification & Recognition Collaboration With Georgia Institute of Technology intermediate Course Details intermediate This course provides an introduction to computer vision including fundamentals, methods for application and machine learning classification. Learn More New School of Programming Developing Android Apps with Kotlin Skills Covered Android Development Collaboration With Google intermediate Course Details intermediate Learn the fundamentals of the Kotlin programming language from Kotlin experts at Google. Learn More New School of Programming Blockchain Developer Nanodegree program Skills Covered Ethereum Blockchain, Blockchain Architecture, Data Auditing intermediate Nanodegree Details intermediate Demand for blockchain developers is skyrocketing. In this program, you'll work with the Bitcoin and Ethereum protocols, build projects for real-world application, and gain the essential skills for a career in this dynamic space. Learn More Free School of Programming Android Auto Development Skills Covered Android Development, Auto Development, Ubiquitous Computing Collaboration With Google advanced Course Details advanced Reach your users while they're out and about by extending your Media or Messaging app to Android Auto! Learn More Free School of Programming Android TV and Google Cast Development Skills Covered Android Development, Android TV, Google Cast, Ubiquitous Computing Collaboration With Google advanced Course Details advanced Go where your users are: the living room! This course shows you how to extend your existing Android app to also work on Android TV, and/or with Google Cast. Learn More Free School of Programming Android Wear Development Skills Covered Android, Android Wear, Smartwatches, Ubiquitous Computing Collaboration With Google advanced Course Details advanced Learn how to extend your app to Android Wear smartwatches, allowing you to reach users wherever and whenever they'd want or need your app. Learn More Free School of AI Machine Learning Skills Covered Supervised Learning, Unsupervised Learning, Information Theory, Reinforcement Learning, Game Theory Collaboration With Georgia Institute of Technology intermediate Course Details intermediate In this course, you'll learn how to apply Supervised, Unsupervised and Reinforcement Learning techniques for solving a range of data science problems. Learn More New School of AI Intro to Deep Learning with PyTorch Skills Covered Deep Learning, PyTorch, Neural Networks, CNNs, LSTMs, Style Transfer Collaboration With Facebook AI intermediate Course Details intermediate Learn the basics of deep learning and implement your own deep neural networks with PyTorch Learn More New Career Advancement Machine Learning Interview Preparation Skills Covered Interview practice, Machine Learning, Career Advancement intermediate Course Details intermediate In this course, you’ll learn exactly what to expect during a machine learning interview. Learn More Free School of Programming Introduction to Cybersecurity Collaboration With Chronicle intermediate Course Details intermediate Explore the fundamental building blocks of cybersecurity. Learn More New School Of Autonomous Systems Self-Driving Fundamentals: Featuring Apollo Skills Covered Apollo HD Map, Localization, Perception, Prediction, Planning, Control Collaboration With Baidu beginner Course Details beginner Identify key parts of self-driving cars, utilize Apollo HD Map, localization, perception, prediction, planning and control, and start the learning path of building a self-driving car. Learn More Free School of Programming C++ For Programmers Skills Covered Pointers and Arrays, Control Flow, Object Oriented Programming, C++ Templates, C++ Standard Library intermediate Course Details intermediate This course teaches C++ to students already familiar with a programming language. Students will learn how to use header files, control flow, functions, classes. Learn More New Career Advancement Front-End Interview Prep Skills Covered Interview questions, Common FE Questions, Whiteboarding, Career Advancement intermediate Course Details intermediate Answer front-end technical and behavioral interview questions with confidence and poise. Learn More Free School of AI Machine Learning for Trading Skills Covered Pandas, Time Series Analysis, Computational Investing, Algorithmic Trading, Reinforcement Learning for Trading Collaboration With Georgia Institute of Technology intermediate Course Details intermediate Implement machine learning based strategies to make trading decisions using real-world data. Learn More Free School of Programming Intro to Algorithms Skills Covered Algorithms, Social Networks, Graph Algorithms intermediate Course Details intermediate This class will give you an introduction to the design and analysis of algorithms, enabling you to analyze networks and discover how individuals are connected. Learn More Free School of Programming Android Basics: Data Storage Skills Covered Android Development, SQLite, ContentProvider, CursorAdapter & CursorLoader, Database, Design Collaboration With Google beginner Course Details beginner In this course, you'll learn the basics of data storage in Android, building your first database and an app that could be used for any small business! Learn More Free School of Programming UX Design for Mobile Developers Skills Covered Android, UX Design, User-Centered Design Collaboration With Google beginner Course Details beginner This is a design course made for developers. You'll learn UX design skills which will help you make 5-star mobile apps that your users will love. Learn More Free School of Data Science Intro to Inferential Statistics Skills Covered Inferential Statistics, Hypothesis Testing, T-tests, ANOVA beginner Course Details beginner Intro to Inferential Statistics will teach you how to test your hypotheses and begin to make predictions based on statistical results drawn from data! Learn More Free School of Programming Android Basics: Networking Skills Covered Android Development, JSON Parsing, HTTP Networking, Threads and Parallelism, Control Flow and Conditionals, Preferences Collaboration With Google beginner Course Details beginner This class teaches the basics of networking using Android, and is a part of the Android Basics Nanodegree by Google. Learn More Free School of Programming Object Oriented Programming in Java Skills Covered Object Oriented Programming, Java, User Interaction intermediate Course Details intermediate Learn how to apply powerful object-oriented programming concepts in Java Learn More New School of Programming Kotlin Bootcamp for Programmers Skills Covered Android Development Collaboration With Google intermediate Course Details intermediate Learn the fundamentals of the Kotlin programming language from Kotlin experts at Google. Learn More Free School of AI Data Analysis with R Skills Covered R, Exploratory Data Analysis, Data Visualization Collaboration With Facebook intermediate Course Details intermediate Data is everywhere and so much of it is unexplored. Learn how to investigate and summarize data sets using R and eventually create your own analysis. Learn More Free School Of Business Product Design Skills Covered Product Design, Design Sprints, Ideation and Validation, UI/UX Collaboration With Google intermediate Course Details intermediate Learn product validation, UI/UX practices, Google’s Design Sprint and the process for setting and tracking actionable metrics. Learn More Free School of Programming Computer Networking Skills Covered Software-Defined Networking, Data Center Networking, Content Distribution, Congestion Control, Traffic Shaping Collaboration With Georgia Institute of Technology intermediate Course Details intermediate This is an advanced Computer Networking course that delves into the latest concepts and tools used by the CN industry. Learn More Free School of Programming Firebase in a Weekend: Android Skills Covered Android Development Collaboration With Google intermediate Course Details intermediate This course will teach you when and why to choose Firebase as a backend for your Android application. Learn More Free School of Programming Intro to Relational Databases Skills Covered Rational databases, SQL, Python API, Python DB-API, Select and insert statements intermediate Course Details intermediate Relational databases are a powerful tool used throughout the industry. Learn the basics of SQL and how to connect your Python code to a relational database. Learn More Free School of AI Reinforcement Learning Skills Covered Temporal Difference Learning, Value Iteration, Policy Iteration, Reward Shaping, Game Theory Collaboration With Georgia Institute of Technology advanced Course Details advanced Study machine learning at a deeper level and become a participant in the reinforcement learning research community. Learn More Free School of Programming Version Control with Git Skills Covered Git, Version Control, Creating a Git repo, Editing commits beginner Course Details beginner Learn how to use Git, a popular Version Control System and essential tool for any developer. Learn More Free School of Programming Website Performance Optimization Skills Covered Chrome Developer Tools, DOM and CSSOM, Critical Rendering Path HTML, CSS and JavaScript optimizations Collaboration With Google intermediate Course Details intermediate Learn how browsers convert HTML, CSS and JavaScript into websites while you experiment with Chrome Developer Tools to measure and optimize website speed! Learn More Free School of AI Intro to Hadoop and MapReduce Skills Covered Big Data, Hadoop, MapReduce Collaboration With Cloudera intermediate Course Details intermediate In this short course, learn the fundamentals of MapReduce and Apache Hadoop to start making sense of Big Data in the real world! Learn More Free School of Programming Kotlin for Android Developers Skills Covered Kotlin, Android advanced Course Details advanced Take an Android app in Java and convert it to Kotlin, learning key features of the Kotlin programming language along the way. Learn More Free School of AI Artificial Intelligence for Robotics Skills Covered Probabilistic Models, Kalman Filters, Motion Planning, Robot Control, Simultaneous Localization & Mapping Collaboration With Georgia Institute of Technology advanced Course Details advanced Learn how to program all the major systems of a robotic car. Topics include planning, search, localization, tracking, and control. Learn More Free School of Programming Introduction to Operating Systems Skills Covered Processes & Threads, Memory Management, Inter-Process Communication, Resource Virtualization, Distributed File Systems Collaboration With Georgia Institute of Technology intermediate Course Details intermediate Introduction to Operating Systems teaches the basic operating system abstractions, mechanisms, and their implementations. Learn More Free School of Programming Networking for Web Developers Skills Covered HTTP, Domain Name System, Ping, TCP/IP stack, IP addressing beginner Course Details beginner You've used the Internet. Now find out more about how it works. Learn More Free School of Programming Full Stack Foundations Skills Covered Flask, CRUD, Model-View-Controller, Python, Object-relational Mapping Collaboration With Amazon Web Services intermediate Course Details intermediate Learn the fundamentals of back-end web development by creating your own web application from the ground up using the iterative development process. Learn More Free School of Programming Intro to iOS App Development with Swift Skills Covered Swift, UIKit, AVFoundation intermediate Course Details intermediate Take the first step in becoming an iOS Developer by learning about Swift and writing your first app. Learn More New Career Advancement Data Structures & Algorithms in Python Skills Covered Interview practice, Python, Data structures and Algorithms, Career Advancement Collaboration With Grow With Google intermediate Course Details intermediate Review and practice the skills technical interviewers expect you to know and learn how to explain your Python solutions. Learn More Free School of Programming Swift for Beginners Skills Covered Variables and Constants, Strings, Control Flow, Functions beginner Course Details beginner Learn Swift, Apple's programming language for building iOS applications. Start with the basics and work your way towards completing sets of challenges in Swift. Learn More Free School of Programming Object-Oriented JavaScript Collaboration With Hack Reactor intermediate Course Details intermediate Build a variety of JavaScript objects and explore how their inheritance models affect your app's in-memory model. Gain simplicity and modularity in your own code. Learn More Free School of Programming Intro to Progressive Web Apps Skills Covered Progressive Web Apps, Service Workers, Web App Manifest, Offline apps Collaboration With Google intermediate Course Details intermediate In this course you’ll get started working on your very first Progressive Web App (PWA) - a web app that can take advantage of many features native applications have enjoyed! Learn More Free School of AI Linear Algebra Refresher Course Skills Covered Algebra, Python, Vectors, Intersections intermediate Course Details intermediate Learn linear algebra by doing: you will code your own library of linear algebra functions! Learn More Free School of Programming GitHub & Collaboration Skills Covered Repositories, Fork a repository, Create and Send a Pull Request, Remote Repositories, Collaborative projects beginner Course Details beginner Learn how to interact with remote repositories and collaborate with other developers on GitHub. Learn More Free School of Programming Responsive Images Skills Covered Responsive Images, Mobile Image debugging, Creating responsive graphics Collaboration With Google intermediate Course Details intermediate Go beyond image tags! Learn how to make images a part of your responsive design workflow. Learn More Free School of Programming Designing RESTful APIs Skills Covered Flask, REST APIs, Python intermediate Course Details intermediate Build and secure a web server with a RESTful Developer-Friendly API that developers will love to use. Learn More Free School of Programming Intro to HTML and CSS beginner Course Details beginner Learn how to convert digital design mockups into static web pages and how to build a responsive portfolio site to showcase your work. Learn More Free School of Programming JavaScript Promises Skills Covered Native JavaScript Promises, Asynchronous code, Advanced error handling, Generating sequences of async work Collaboration With Google advanced Course Details advanced Learn how to simplify asynchronous work with Native JavaScript Promises! Learn More Free School of Programming ES6 - JavaScript Improved Skills Covered JavaScript, ES6, Syntax, Functions advanced Course Details advanced Learn about the changes made to the JavaScript programming language in ECMAScript 6 and how to use these new improvements to write better cleaner code. Learn More Free School of Programming JavaScript Design Patterns Skills Covered Separating concerns, Code organization, Using an Organizational Library, KnockoutJS advanced Course Details advanced Learn the importance of code organization and how to implement it with either vanilla JavaScript or an organizational library or framework. Learn More Free School of Programming Data Wrangling with MongoDB Skills Covered Gathering Data, Assessing Data, Cleaning Data, Data Wrangling, MongoDB Collaboration With MongoDB intermediate Course Details intermediate Data Scientists spend most of their time cleaning data. In this course, you will learn to convert and manipulate messy data to extract what you need. Learn More Free School of Programming Software Testing Skills Covered Software Testing, Debugging, Code Coverage intermediate Course Details intermediate Learn how to catch bugs and break software as you discover different testing methods that will help you build better software. Learn More Free School of Programming Material Design for Android Developers Skills Covered Android Development, Material Design, Surfaces, Graphic Design Collaboration With Google intermediate Course Details intermediate Learn and apply the material design principles that define Android's visual language to your apps. Learn More Free School of Programming Intro to AJAX Skills Covered Asynchronous requests with JavaScript, Data APIs, Web Applications, Site Customization intermediate Course Details intermediate Learn how to perform asynchronous requests as you build a web app with data from Google Street View, the New York Times and Wikipedia! Learn More Free School of AI A/B Testing Skills Covered A/B Testing, Experiment Design, Statistics Collaboration With Google intermediate Course Details intermediate Design and implement an A/B test to determine the efficacy of potential improvements to an online site or mobile app while specifying metrics to measure. Learn More Free School of Programming Intro to DevOps Skills Covered DevOps, CAMS principles, Continuous Integration, Delivery workflows Collaboration With Nutanix advanced Course Details advanced Learn all about the DevOps landscape, workflow, and a survey of the systems currently being used to support scalable software deployment. Learn More Free School of Programming HTML5 Canvas Skills Covered HTML5 Canvas, Canvas2D, Creating animation beginner Course Details beginner Learn how you can use HTML5 Canvas to create and modify images or even interactive animations. Learn More Free School of Programming Software Architecture & Design Skills Covered Unified Modeling Language, Object Constraint Language, Software Architecture, Software Design, Code Review Collaboration With Georgia Institute of Technology intermediate Course Details intermediate Software Architecture and Design teaches the principles and concepts involved in the analysis and design of large software systems. Learn More Free School of Programming Shell Workshop Skills Covered Shell, Using Terminal, Running command-line programs, Customizing Shell beginner Course Details beginner The Unix shell is a valuable tool for developing and deploying software. Learn the basics of this terminal-based, command-line interface. Learn More No Image Available Free School of Programming Intro to Backend Skills Covered User Input, Producing templated output, Databases and data stores, Secure user account systems intermediate Course Details intermediate Learn to build a multiuser blog with Google App Engine that permits users to sign in Learn More Free School of Programming Software Development Process Skills Covered Software Development Life Cycle, Requirements Engineering, Design Patterns, Black-Box & White-Box Testing, Agile Development Methodology Collaboration With Georgia Institute of Technology intermediate Course Details intermediate Software Development Processes explores requirements engineering, architecture and design, testing, and software quality in general. Learn More Free School of Programming Gradle for Android and Java Skills Covered Android Development, Gradle, Java Collaboration With Google, Gradle advanced Course Details advanced Build bigger and better Android and Java apps using the Gradle build tool. Learn More Free School Of Business Problem Solving with Advanced Analytics Skills Covered Linear Regression Collaboration With Alteryx beginner Course Details beginner Learn a scientific approach to solving problems with data, a foundational skill for anyone interested in making data driven decisions in a business context. Learn More Free School of Programming Introduction to Virtual Reality Skills Covered VR development, Unity, Google VR SDK for Unity, General understanding of how VR works, Deploying to Android and iOS Collaboration With Google VR beginner Course Details beginner If you are interested in learning more about virtual reality, this course will teach you the principles of VR technology and help you understand what you can build in VR. Learn More Free School of AI Data Visualization and D3.js Skills Covered d3.js, Design of Visualizations, Data Visualization, Visual Encodings Collaboration With Zipfian intermediate Course Details intermediate Learn the fundamentals of data visualization and apply design and narrative concepts to create your own visualization. Learn More Free School of Programming Intro to jQuery Skills Covered jQuery, DOM Structure, Reading jQuery documentation, Modify HTML attributes and content intermediate Course Details intermediate Learn how to access and modify the DOM with ease using jQuery! Learn More Free School of Programming Intro to Psychology Skills Covered Pyschology, Research Methods, Biology Collaboration With San Jose State University beginner Course Details beginner Go on a journey through psychological concepts and principles to enable you to gain a more in-depth understanding of human thought and behavior. Learn More Free School of Programming Design of Computer Programs Skills Covered Computer Program Design, Python, Design Process advanced Course Details advanced Learn how to model problems, and how to optimize performance by using some of the advanced features of Python. Learn More Free Intro to the Design of Everyday Things Skills Covered Design, Conceptual Models, UI, UX beginner Course Details beginner This course will provide you with the insight to start recognizing the role of design in today’s world, and to start making better design decisions in your own life. Learn More Free School of Programming JavaScript Testing Skills Covered Javascript Apps, Jasmine testing framework, red-green-refactor workflow intermediate Course Details intermediate Learn how to iterate on your web applications with confidence using the red-green-refactor workflow cycle and automated testing frameworks. Learn More Free School of Programming Offline Web Applications Skills Covered Developing offline-first applications, Understanding Lie-Fi, Service Worker DevTools, IndexedDB, IndexedDB asset caching Collaboration With Google intermediate Course Details intermediate Learn how to develop offline-first web application using Service Workers and IndexedDB. Learn More Free School of Programming Writing READMEs Skills Covered README, Markdown, Making code easier to read beginner Course Details beginner Documentation is an important part of the development process. Learn to write READMEs using Markdown so your code can be used by other humans! Learn More Free School of Programming Interactive 3D Graphics Skills Covered Animated 3D Demo Program, Computer Image Generation, Programming Vertex and Pixel Shaders Collaboration With Autodesk intermediate Course Details intermediate This course will teach you the principles of 3D computer graphics: meshes, transforms, lighting, animation, and making interactive 3D applications run in a browser. Learn More Free School of Programming Intro to Information Security Skills Covered Software Security, Cryptography, Network Security, Privacy, Public Policy Collaboration With Georgia Institute of Technology intermediate Course Details intermediate Learn More Free School of Programming Client-Server Communication Skills Covered HTTP request and response cycle, HTTP headers and verbs, HTTP/1 and HTTP/2 capabilities, HTTPS, Client-Server Communication Collaboration With Google advanced Course Details advanced Learn how a client communicates with a server, including HTTP's request and response cycle, HTTP/2 and HTTPs. Learn More Free School of Programming Configuring Linux Web Servers Skills Covered Linux, Linux security, Apache HTTP Server, PostgreSQL database server, Python WSGI application advanced Course Details advanced Serve a data-driven web application as you become acquainted with, configure and finally secure a Ubuntu Linux web application server. Learn More Free School of Programming Authentication & Authorization: OAuth Skills Covered Flask, OAuth 2.0, Authentication & Authorization, Python intermediate Course Details intermediate Learn to implement the OAuth 2.0 framework to allow users to securely and easily login to your web applications. Learn More Free School of Programming Statistics Skills Covered Statistical Research Methods, Data Visualization, Distributions, Hypothesis Testing, Regression Collaboration With San Jose State University beginner Course Details beginner We live in a time of unprecedented access to information. You'll learn how to use statistics to interpret that information and make decisions. Learn More Free School of Programming Browser Rendering Optimization Skills Covered Browser Rendering Response, Animation, Idle and Load (RAIL), Optimizing JavaScript, How to debug an app Collaboration With Google advanced Course Details advanced This course will demystify the browser's rendering pipeline and make it easy for you to build high performance web apps. Learn More Free School of Programming Programming Languages Skills Covered Introduciton to Programming Languages, Validate and Process Strings, HTML and JavaScript, Build your own web browser intermediate Course Details intermediate This course is an introduction to the fundamentals of programming languages. Concepts include how to specify and process valid strings, sentences and program structures. Learn More Free School of Programming Applied Cryptography Skills Covered Cryptography, Ciphers, Encryption advanced Course Details advanced Cryptography is present in everyday life, from paying with a credit card to using the telephone.  Learn all about making and breaking puzzles in computing. Learn More Free School Of Business Time Series Forecasting Skills Covered Time Series Forecasting, ETS Models, ARIMA Models intermediate Course Details intermediate The Time Series Forecasting course provides students with the foundational knowledge to build and apply time series forecasting models in a variety of business contexts. Learn More Free School Of Business Get Your Startup Started Skills Covered Entrepreneurship, Bootstrapping Collaboration With Google intermediate Course Details intermediate Acquire the know-how necessary to see your business grow towards its next milestone. Learn More Free School of Programming HTTP & Web Servers Skills Covered HTTP, Python, Deploying services intermediate Course Details intermediate HTTP is the fundamental protocol of the Web. Explore how it works using Python code and command-line tools. Learn More Free School of Programming Advanced Operating Systems Skills Covered Operating System Kernels, Virtualization, Distributed Systems, Cloud Computing, Real-Time Operating Systems Collaboration With Georgia Institute of Technology advanced Course Details advanced Learn More Free School of Programming Database Systems Concepts & Design Skills Covered Database Management Systems, Relational Algebra, Sequential Query Language, Data Indexing, SQL Injection Collaboration With Georgia Institute of Technology intermediate Course Details intermediate This course presents an example of applying a database application development methodology to a major real-world project. Learn More Free School of Data Science Data Analysis and Visualization Skills Covered R, Data Analysis, Data Visualization, Regression Collaboration With Georgia Institute of Technology intermediate Course Details intermediate This course will introduce students to the field by covering state­-of-­the-art modeling, analysis and visualization techniques. Learn More Free School of Programming Android Performance Skills Covered Android Development, Performance, Optimization Collaboration With Google advanced Course Details advanced Performance matters to users, so it must matter to you. Learn how to identify and fix bottlenecks in your Android applications, and ensure a smooth user experience. Learn More Free School of Programming Computability, Complexity & Algorithms Collaboration With Georgia Institute of Technology advanced Course Details advanced Learn tools and techniques that will help you recognize when problems you encounter are intractable and when there an efficient solution. Learn More Free School of Programming Intro to Theoretical Computer Science Skills Covered theoretical computer science, NP-completeness, Recognizing algorithmic problems, Solving algorithmic problems intermediate Course Details intermediate Learn the basic concepts in theoretical computer science. Discover what they imply for solving tough computational challenges. Learn More Free School of Programming Google Maps APIs Skills Covered Google Maps APIs, Static Maps, Street View imagery, monitoring API usage Collaboration With Google intermediate Course Details intermediate This course will introduce you to the content available through the Google Maps APIs through building a real-estate listings web application step-by-step. Learn More Free School of Programming High Performance Computing Skills Covered Shared Memory Models, Parallel Algorithms, Distributed Memory Models, Message Passing Interfaces, Hierarchical Memory Models Collaboration With Georgia Institute of Technology advanced Course Details advanced This course will give you solid foundations for developing, analyzing, and implementing parallel and locality-efficient algorithms.  Offered at Georgia Tech as CS6220 Learn More Free School Of Business App Marketing Skills Covered App Marketing, User Segmentation, Customer Acquisition Collaboration With Google intermediate Course Details intermediate This course will help you organize a strategy of identifying your perfect user, and teach you how to grow your user base by focusing your product on their needs. Learn More Free School of Programming Embedded Systems Skills Covered VLIW Architecture, Compilers for Embedded Systems, Differential Register Allocation, Network Processors, Multithreaded Processing Collaboration With Georgia Institute of Technology intermediate Course Details intermediate This course takes a holistic view of the embedded system stack focusing on processor architectures, instruction sets, and the associated advanced compiler optimizations. Learn More Free School of Programming High Performance Computer Architecture Skills Covered Processor Pipelining, Branch Prediction, Instruction Scheduling, Memory Ordering, Multiprocessor Architectures Collaboration With Georgia Institute of Technology advanced Course Details advanced The HPCA course covers performance measurement, pipelining, and improved parallelism through various means. Learn More Free School of Programming Network Security Skills Covered Cryptography, Systems Security, Distributed Denial of Service Attacks, Penetration Testing, Botnet Detection Collaboration With Georgia Institute of Technology intermediate Course Details intermediate This course provides an introduction to computer and network security, including cryptography, cryptanalysis, and systems security. Learn More Free School of Programming How to Make an iOS App Skills Covered iOS, Ideation and Research, UI, App Store advanced Course Details advanced Learn the process of building an app, taking your ideas from drawing board to App Store! Learn More Free School of Programming Swift for Developers Skills Covered Variables and Constants, Strings, Control Flow, Functions beginner Course Details beginner Get a quick practical introduction to Swift programming basics and build your first iOS app! Learn More Free School of Programming Intro to Physics Skills Covered Kinematics, Dynamics, Trigonometry, Periodic Motion, Electricity beginner Course Details beginner Go to the places where big physics discoveries were made in the past and make them yourself. You’ll visit Italy, the Netherlands, and the UK as you learn basic physics. Learn More Free School of AI Artificial Intelligence Skills Covered Artificial Intelligence, Probability, Bayesian Networks, Logic and Planning, Machine Learning Collaboration With Georgia Institute of Technology intermediate Course Details intermediate This course gives a survey of topics in AI along with in-depth foundational concepts such as classical search, probability, machine learning, logic and planning. Learn More Free School of Programming Object-Oriented JavaScript Skills Covered Object Oriented Javascript, Object-oriented programming, Data and functionality, Prototypal inheritance intermediate Course Details intermediate Learn how to build objects, create classes, and manage inheritance with object-oriented JavaScript. Learn More Free School of AI Machine Learning: Unsupervised Learning Skills Covered Randomized Optimization, Clustering, Feature Selection, Feature Transformation, Information Theory Collaboration With Georgia Institute of Technology intermediate Course Details intermediate Ever wonder how Netflix can predict what movies you'll like? Or how Amazon knows what you want to buy before you do? The answer can be found in Unsupervised Learning! Learn More Free School Of Business Creating an Analytical Dataset Skills Covered Data Issues, Data Formatting, Data Blending Collaboration With Alteryx beginner Course Details beginner Learn how to prepare data to ensure the efficacy of your analysis while improving fluency in Alteryx. Learn More Free School of Programming Asynchronous JavaScript Requests Skills Covered Asynchronous Data Retrieval, Ajax with XHR, Ajax with jQuery, Ajax with Fetch intermediate Course Details intermediate Learn how to asynchronously request data in your web applications with Ajax. Learn More Free School of Programming Localization Essentials Skills Covered Localization, Google Translator Toolkit, Localization at Google Collaboration With Google beginner Course Details beginner Localization is about making a product feel tailored to users around the world. Specifically, it is the process of adapting a product to a language, culture and market. Learn More Free School Of Business Rapid Prototyping Skills Covered Prototyping, User Research, inVision Collaboration With Google intermediate Course Details intermediate Learning to prototype will save you time and money in the development process. You’ll create quality apps faster and have confidence in the viability of your products. Learn More Free School of Programming Learn Swift Programming Syntax Skills Covered Variables and Constants, Control Flow, Functions, Optionals, OOP intermediate Course Details intermediate This course focuses on the syntax of the Swift programming language. By the end of the course, you'll be able to apply Swift essentials to building iOS apps. Learn More Free School of AI Model Building and Validation Skills Covered Questioning, Modeling, Validation, Data Analysis, QMV Process Collaboration With AT&T advanced Course Details advanced This course will teach you how to start from scratch in understanding and paying attention to what is important in the data and how to answer questions about data. Learn More Free School of Programming JavaScript and the DOM intermediate Course Details intermediate Discover how the DOM is created and learn to programmatically control the page using JavaScript. Learn More Free School of Programming Compilers: Theory and Practice Skills Covered Compilers, Semantic Analysis, Syntax Directed Translation, Control Flow Analysis Collaboration With Georgia Institute of Technology Course Details This course teaches the theory and practice behind building compilers for higher level programming languages. Learn More Free School of Programming Mobile Design and Usability for Android Skills Covered Android, Mobile Design, Usability intermediate Course Details intermediate In this course, taught in collaboration with Facebook, you'll learn how to design an intuitive, user-centered mobile app, from product conception to release. Learn More Free School of Programming Software Debugging Skills Covered Debugging, Python, Automated Debugging intermediate Course Details intermediate In this course you will learn how to debug programs systematically using scientific methods and build several automated debugging tools in Python. Learn More Free School of Programming Passwordless Login Solutions for Android Skills Covered Android, Passwordless Login, Account Kit Collaboration With Facebook for Developers intermediate Course Details intermediate In this course you'll implement Account Kit and Facebook Login side by side in a sample app, test our login flow on a series of common use cases, and wrap things up with an introduction to Facebook’s Graph API. Learn More Free School of Programming 2D Game Development with libGDX Skills Covered LibGDX, Game Development, 2D Collaboration With Amazon Appstore for Android intermediate Course Details intermediate This course explores how to use LibGDX to build 2D games that run anywhere, from web browsers to mobile devices. At the end you will create a full game, called Icicles. Learn More Free School of AI Big Data Analytics in Healthcare Skills Covered Data Analytics, Health Care Applications, Algorithms Collaboration With Georgia Institute of Technology Course Details In this course, we introduce the characteristics of medical data and associated data mining challenges on dealing with such data. We cover various algorithms and systems. Learn More Free School Of Business A/B Testing for Business Analysts Skills Covered A/B Randomized Design Tests, A/B Matched Pair Design Tests intermediate Course Details intermediate The A/B Testing course provides students with the foundational knowledge to design and analyze A/B tests to create business insights and support decision making. Learn More Free School of Programming iOS Networking with Swift Skills Covered Networking, URLSession, JSON Parsing advanced Course Details advanced Learn how to incorporate networking into your apps to access data from around the world. Build the On the Map app to share location and fun links with fellow students. Learn More Free School of Programming Building High Conversion Web Forms Skills Covered Research HTML5 input types, Datalist input, User input validation with HTML5 attributes, Validate user input using JavaScript, Optimizing forms Collaboration With Google intermediate Course Details intermediate Increase conversions with best practices for fast, efficient forms! Learn how to design and build web forms for users on any device. Learn More Free School of Programming UIKit Fundamentals Skills Covered AutoLayout, Navigation, Table Views, Collection Views intermediate Course Details intermediate Learn the iOS UIKit framework, which is the cornerstone of creating user interfaces in all iOS apps and crucial for any iOS Developer to be intimately familiar with. Learn More Free School Of Business Classification Models Skills Covered Binary Classication Models, Non-Binary Classification Models Collaboration With Alteryx intermediate Course Details intermediate Learn how to use classification predictive models to solve business problems involving non-numeric data. Learn More Free School of Programming Firebase Analytics: Android Skills Covered Android Development, Firebase, Analytics Collaboration With Google intermediate Course Details intermediate Learn how to grow an app's user base using Firebase Analytics, a free and unlimited analytics solution Learn More Free VR Software Development Skills Covered VR development, Unity, Google VR SDK for Unity, C#, UI interfaces and interaction Collaboration With Google VR beginner Course Details beginner Learn about the world of virtual reality programming! You will learn the basics of programming in C# and how to use it control virtual reality applications in Unity. Learn More Free School of AI Knowledge-Based AI: Cognitive Systems Skills Covered Semantic Networks, Common-Sense Reasoning, Logic & Planning, Analogical Reasoning, Visuospatial Reasoning Collaboration With Georgia Institute of Technology advanced Course Details advanced The twin goals of knowledge-based artificial intelligence (AI) are to build AI agents capable of human-level intelligence and gain insights into human cognition. Learn More Free School Of Autonomous Systems Differential Equations in Action Skills Covered Math, Differential Equations intermediate Course Details intermediate Write Python code to find numerical solutions to systems of differential equations. The models you create will fight wildfires, bring spaceships back to earth, and more! Learn More Free Computational Photography Skills Covered Digital Imaging, Panorama & Morphing, Light Field, High Dynamic Range, Video Stabilization Collaboration With Georgia Institute of Technology intermediate Course Details intermediate This class explores how computation impacts the entire workflow of photography, which is traditionally aimed at capturing light from a 3D scene to form a 2D image. Learn More Free School of AI Real-Time Analytics with Apache Storm Skills Covered Data Analysis, Real-time Analytics, Apache Storm Collaboration With Twitter intermediate Course Details intermediate The world is trending in real time! Learn Apache Storm, taught by Twitter, to scalably analyze real-time tweets and drive d3 visualizations. Storm is free, open and fun! Learn More Free School Of Business Segmentation and Clustering Skills Covered Variable Reduction, Clustering Models design intermediate Course Details intermediate The Segmentation & Clustering course provides students with the knowledge to build and apply clustering models to develop sophisticated segmentation in business contexts. Learn More Free School of Programming Human-Computer Interaction Skills Covered Design Principles, Direct Manipulation Interfaces, Mental Models, Distributed Cognition, Prototyping Collaboration With Georgia Institute of Technology intermediate Course Details intermediate This course is an introductory course on human-computer interaction, covering the principles, techniques, and open areas of development in HCI. Learn More Free VR Scenes and Objects Skills Covered VR development, Unity, Google VR SDK for Unity, Game Objects, Materials Collaboration With Google VR beginner Course Details beginner Take the first step in Unity and begin to develop VR content. Learn the principles of the Unity platform and help you understand what you can build in VR! Learn More Free School Of Business App Monetization Skills Covered Product Design, Google Analytics Collaboration With Google intermediate Course Details intermediate Learn how to effectively develop, implement, and measure your monetization strategy, iterating on the model as appropriate. Learn More Free School of Programming Learn Backbone.js Skills Covered Backbone, Building a Todo Application from Scratch, Data with Firebase advanced Course Details advanced This is a collection of curated resources to teach you how to write well organized web applications using the Backbone framework. Learn More Free School of Programming Software Analysis & Testing Skills Covered Software Testing, Debugging, Dataflow Analysis, Constraint-based Analysis, Symbolic Execution Collaboration With Georgia Institute of Technology intermediate Course Details intermediate This course covers the theory and practice of software analysis, which is at the heart of software development processes such as diagnosing bugs, testing, and debugging. Learn More Free School of Programming Core ML: Machine Learning for iOS Skills Covered iOS, Image Classification, Core ML intermediate Course Details intermediate Learn how to use Apple's Core ML framework to build iOS apps with intelligent new features. Learn More Free School of Programming Deploying Applications with Heroku Skills Covered App Deployment, Heroku intermediate Course Details intermediate Deploy your first web application using the Heroku platform and learn about the underlying mechanics of web hosting. Learn More Free School of Programming iOS Persistence and Core Data Skills Covered Data Persistence, Core Data, UserDefaults, FileManager advanced Course Details advanced Persisting data is a core skill for any iOS developer. Learn how to store app data to your device using three common techniques: NSUserDefaults, Sandbox, and Core Data. Learn More No Image Available Free School of Programming How to Install Android Studio Skills Covered Android, Android Studio, Java beginner Course Details beginner Participate in this short tutorial to install Android Studio on your computer and set up a new project using the program's Project Wizard. Learn More Free School of Programming AutoLayout Skills Covered Design, UI, Stack Views, Constraints intermediate Course Details intermediate With this course, you will learn about AutoLayout and how to use stack views and constraints to create pixel-perfect UIs. Learn More Free Educational Technology Skills Covered Educational Technology & Research, Online Learning, Game-based Learning, Communities of Practice, Ethics & Privacy in EdTech Collaboration With Georgia Institute of Technology beginner Course Details beginner This class is an an introductory course about educational technology offered as CS6460 at Georgia Tech where it is a part of the Online Masters Degree (OMS). Learn More Free Tales from the Genome Skills Covered Genetics, DNA, Gene regulation Collaboration With 23andMe beginner Course Details beginner Learn the basics of genetics, with a personal twist. This class is all about DNA and how it shapes who we are. Learn More Free School of Programming Mobile Design and Usability for iOS Skills Covered Product Design, Prototyping Collaboration With Facebook for Developers intermediate Course Details intermediate In this course, taught in collaboration with Facebook, you'll learn how to design an intuitive, user-centered mobile app, from product conception to release. Learn More Free School of Programming Deploying a Hadoop Cluster Skills Covered Data Analysis, Hadoop, MapReduce intermediate Course Details intermediate Deploy your own Hadoop cluster to crunch some big data! Learn More Free School of Programming Firebase in a Weekend: iOS Skills Covered Android Development Collaboration With Google intermediate Course Details intermediate This course will teach you when and why to choose Firebase as a backend for your iOS application. Learn More Free School of Programming Server-Side Swift Skills Covered Swift Package Manager, MySQL, Docker, Terraform, Microservices intermediate Course Details intermediate In this course, built in collaboration with IBM and Hashicorp, you'll learn how to use Swift as a server-side language for building end-to-end applications. Learn More Free School of Programming Passwordless Login Solutions for iOS Skills Covered Account Kit, Facebook SDK, Graph API Collaboration With Facebook for Developers intermediate Course Details intermediate In this course you'll implement Account Kit and Facebook Login side by side in a sample app, test our login flow on a series of common use cases, and wrap things up with an introduction to Facebook’s Graph API. Learn More Free School of AI Eigenvectors and Eigenvalues Skills Covered Linear Algebra, Eigenvectors, Eigenvalues beginner Course Details beginner Learn how to calculate eigenvalues and eigenvectors and why they are important for AI applications. Learn More Free School of Programming Xcode Debugging Skills Covered Debugging, LLDB advanced Course Details advanced In this course, you'll learn standard methodologies for debugging software, and how to use Xcode's debugging tools to find and squash bugs. Learn More Free School of Programming The MVC Pattern in Ruby Skills Covered Ruby, Sinatra, MVC Design Pattern, Writing organized code intermediate Course Details intermediate In this course you’ll learn how to organize your code, and why that’s important. You’ll be using the MVC Design Pattern in the web application micro-framework Sinatra. Learn More Free Health Informatics in the Cloud Skills Covered Health Information Exchange, Security and Trust, Interoperability Standards, Data Collection & Visualization Collaboration With Georgia Institute of Technology beginner Course Details beginner This survey course provides a broad, forward-facing overview of contemporary health informatics within the context of the US healthcare delivery system. Learn More Free School of Programming Cyber-Physical Systems Security Skills Covered Industrial Networks, Industrial Control Systems, Smart Grid Infrastructure, Cyber Security, Privacy Collaboration With Georgia Institute of Technology intermediate Course Details intermediate This course provides an introduction to security issues relating to cyber-physical systems including industrial control systems and critical infrastructures. Learn More Free School of Programming Dynamic Web Applications with Sinatra Skills Covered Ruby, Sinatra, Building web applications intermediate Course Details intermediate Sinatra is a micro-framework for quickly developing small Ruby applications for the web. In this course, you'll learn all about Sinatra, routing, and templating. Learn More Free School of Programming Intro to Point & Click App Development Skills Covered Salesforce App Development, Schema Building, Data Modeling Collaboration With Salesforce beginner Course Details beginner In this short class you'll build powerful apps without writing code. Great if you're an aspiring developer or someone who wants to learn what programmers do. Learn More Free School of Programming Grand Central Dispatch (GCD) Skills Covered Closures, GCD intermediate Course Details intermediate Learn how to prevent background operations from interfering with an app's UI by implementing Apple's GCD framework. Learn More Free School of Programming Firebase Analytics: iOS Skills Covered Android Development, Firebase Analytics, Firebase Crash Reporting, Firebase Remote Config, Firebase Dynamic Links Collaboration With Google intermediate Course Details intermediate Learn how to grow an app's user base using Firebase Analytics, a free and unlimited analytics solution Learn More Free School of Programming How to Make a Platformer Using libGDX Skills Covered LibGDX, Game Development, Asset management Collaboration With Amazon Appstore for Android intermediate Course Details intermediate This course will explore how to create a game called Giga Gal. Giga Gal is a platformer in which you run, collect energy packs, jump a bunch, and shoot enemies. Learn More Free School of Programming Introduction to Graduate Algorithms Collaboration With Georgia Institute of Technology advanced Course Details advanced Learn advanced techniques for designing algorithms and apply them to hard computational problems. Learn More Free School of Programming Engagement & Monetization | Mobile Games Skills Covered Game Development, Monetization, Engagement Collaboration With Amazon Appstore for Android beginner Course Details beginner You will learn the most effective monetization strategies for your game, how to  keep your players interested and engaged, so that your game stands out in the app store. Learn More School of Programming Intro to Programming Skills Covered Introduction to Programming, HTML, CSS, Python beginner Course Details beginner This introductory Nanodegree program teaches you the foundational skills all programmers use. It's ideal for beginners who want make informed choices about career goals. Learn More New School Of Autonomous Systems Cyber-Physical Systems Design & Analysis Collaboration With Georgia Institute of Technology advanced Course Details advanced This course provides an introduction to cyber-physical systems with an industrial perspective. Learn More Free OMSCS Student Orientation Collaboration With Georgia Institute of Technology beginner Course Details beginner In this OMS Orientation, we cover several things you will need to know to be a successful OMS student. Learn More Featured Programs VR Foundations VR Mobile 360 VR High Immersion Google Analytics Android Basics Machine Learning Engineer Become an iOS Developer Business Analyst Data Analyst Front-End Web Developer Full Stack Web Developer Intro to Programming React Only At Udacity Artificial Intelligence Deep Learning Digital Marketing Machine Learning Engineer Robotics Software Engineer Nanodegree Self-Driving Car Engineer Resources Nanodegrees Free Courses Career Resource Center Student Success Company About Blog Jobs Enterprise Udacity for Enterprise Corporate Training Hire Graduates Support Contact Us Help and FAQ Service Status Legal & Privacy © 2011–2019 Udacity, Inc. Legal & Privacy Regulatory Information Site Map India China Europe United States "Nanodegree" is a registered trademark of Udacity. © 2011–2019 Udacity, Inc. Udacity is not an accredited university and we don't confer degrees. Udacity Nanodegree programs are unique educational programs that are not affiliated with any university or sanctioned by the University Grants Commission.  