https://in.udacity.com/course/ud893-preview
                    Free Courses Nanodegree Hire Talent For Enterprise Refer & Earn Log In Course Finder Nanodegree For Enterprise Hire Talent Course Finder Log In Refer & Earn  Learn More Free Course Deep Reinforcement Learning Nanodegree Preview Building code that can perform complex tasks by itself. Start Free Course Nanodegree Program Programming for Data Science by Programming for Data Science Accelerate your career with the credential that fast-tracks you to job success. About this Course This is a free preview of our Deep Reinforcement Learning Nanodegree program! Your journey through the fascinating world of deep reinforcement learning will start at the very beginning. So, we’ll begin by answering the question: what is deep reinforcement learning, exactly? Well, reinforcement learning is ultimately about building code that can figure out how to perform complex tasks by itself. And deep reinforcement learning refers to approaches where the knowledge that the code builds over time is represented with a deep neural network. Course Cost Skill Level beginner Included in Product Rich Learning Content Interactive Quizzes Taught by Industry Pros Self-Paced Learning Student Support Community Join the Path to Greatness This course is your first step towards a new career with the Programming for Data Science Program. Free Course Deep Reinforcement Learning Nanodegree Preview Enhance your skill set and boost your hirability through innovative, independent learning. Nanodegree Program Programming for Data Science by Accelerate your career with the credential that fast-tracks you to job success. Learn More   Prerequisites and Requirements This program requires experience with Python, probability, machine learning, and deep learning. See the Technology Requirements for using Udacity. Our Nanodegrees are packed with much more Nanodegree Certification Rich Learning Content Interactive Quizzes Self Paced Learning Taught by Industry Professionals 1-1 Coaching and Mentorship See Nanodegree Free Courses Rich Learning Content Interactive Quizzes Self Paced Learning Taught by Industry Professionals  See Free Courses Why Take This Course What do I get? Instructor videos Learn by doing exercises Taught by industry professionals Popular Free Courses Intro to HTML and CSS Udacity on the go Now you can achieve your goals on the move. Discover our offerings, personalised recommendations, classroom experience and so much more. Install Now! Need Help with Enrollments? 1800-121-6240 Mon - Fri, 10 am - 10 pm By calling this number, you consent to receive calls from, or on behalf of, Udacity per our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . Featured Programs VR Foundations VR Mobile 360 VR High Immersion Google Analytics Android Basics Machine Learning Engineer Become an iOS Developer Business Analyst Data Analyst Front-End Web Developer Full Stack Web Developer Intro to Programming React Only At Udacity Artificial Intelligence Deep Learning Digital Marketing Machine Learning Engineer Robotics Software Engineer Nanodegree Self-Driving Car Engineer Resources Nanodegrees Free Courses Career Resource Center Student Success Company About Blog Jobs Enterprise Udacity for Enterprise Corporate Training Hire Graduates Support Contact Us Help and FAQ Service Status Legal & Privacy © 2011–2019 Udacity, Inc. Legal & Privacy Regulatory Information Site Map India China Europe United States "Nanodegree" is a registered trademark of Udacity. © 2011–2019 Udacity, Inc. Udacity is not an accredited university and we don't confer degrees. Udacity Nanodegree programs are unique educational programs that are not affiliated with any university or sanctioned by the University Grants Commission.  