https://in.udacity.com/blog/post/top-machine-learning-libraries-and-their-differentiation
                    Free Courses Nanodegree Hire Talent For Enterprise Refer & Earn Log In Course Finder Nanodegree For Enterprise Hire Talent Course Finder Log In Refer & Earn 05-Nov-2018 Categories: Udacity School of AI  Top Machine Learning Libraries and their differentiation Read more Sanyam Bhutani Machine learning (ML) is an application of Artificial Intelligence (AI) that provides systems the ability to automatically learn and improve from experience without being explicitly programmed. ML focuses on the development of computer programs that can access data and use it learn for themselves. Being a complex discipline, implementing its models is daunting and difficult. But rather lesser than it used to be, thanks to ML frameworks called Libraries. Libraries help optimize things for better production uses.  Non-exhaustive list   Scikit learn Tensorflow PyTorch OpenCV Pyro Caffe2  Each library, and hence ML, on the whole, has these use cases:-   Data and Personal Security Financial Trading Recommendation and Online Searches Natural Language Processing (NLP) Marketing Personalisation and Smart Cars Fraud Detection  The use cases of Tensorflow, a Python library for fast numerical computing and creating Deep learning models directly or by using wrappers, include the process of:-   Acquiring data Training models Predictions Refining future results  Scikit-Learn provides a range of supervised and unsupervised learning algorithms via a consistent interface in Python. The library is built upon the SciPy (Scientific Python) that must be installed before you can use Scikit-learn.  Pytorch is used for applications such as natural language processing. It is primarily developed by Facebook's artificial-intelligence research group, and Uber's "Pyro" software for probabilistic programming, is built on it.  OpenCV is an open source C++ library for image processing and computer vision. It is a library of many inbuilt functions mainly aimed at real-time image processing.  Caffe2 aims to provide an easy and straightforward way to experiment with deep learning and leverage community contributions of new models and algorithms. Scaling of creations using the power of GPUs in the cloud or to the masses on mobile can be done with Caffe2's cross-platform libraries.  Python Remote Objects (Pyro) is a library that enables you to build applications in which objects can talk to each other over the network, with minimal programming effort. You can just use normal Python method calls to call objects on other machines.  To make a software smarter, ML libraries should be used, and they are all different. One should choose the one that is acceptable for their scenario. Enjoy this post? Share it: About the author Sanyam Bhutani Sanyam Bhutani is a Deep Learning, Computer Vision Practitioner. He has worked on End to End AI based Industrial and Research Projects at Tech Mahindra, ONGC, IIT-Madras, IIT-Roorkee. Category All posts Udacity School of AI Cybersecurity Student Stories Deep Learning Subscribe Now Featured Programs VR Foundations VR Mobile 360 VR High Immersion Google Analytics Android Basics Machine Learning Engineer Become an iOS Developer Business Analyst Data Analyst Front-End Web Developer Full Stack Web Developer Intro to Programming React Only At Udacity Artificial Intelligence Deep Learning Digital Marketing Machine Learning Engineer Robotics Software Engineer Nanodegree Self-Driving Car Engineer Resources Nanodegrees Free Courses Career Resource Center Student Success Company About Blog Jobs Enterprise Udacity for Enterprise Corporate Training Hire Graduates Support Contact Us Help and FAQ Service Status Legal & Privacy © 2011–2019 Udacity, Inc. Legal & Privacy Regulatory Information Site Map India China Europe United States "Nanodegree" is a registered trademark of Udacity. © 2011–2019 Udacity, Inc. Udacity is not an accredited university and we don't confer degrees. Udacity Nanodegree programs are unique educational programs that are not affiliated with any university or sanctioned by the University Grants Commission.  