https://in.udacity.com/course/time-series-forecasting--ud980
                    Free Courses Nanodegree Hire Talent For Enterprise Refer & Earn Log In Course Finder Nanodegree For Enterprise Hire Talent Course Finder Log In Refer & Earn  Learn More Free Course Time Series Forecasting Use models to forecast the future Start Free Course Nanodegree Program Predictive Analytics for Business by Predictive Analytics for Business Accelerate your career with the credential that fast-tracks you to job success. About this Course The Time Series Forecasting course provides students with the foundational knowledge to build and apply time series forecasting models in a variety of business contexts. You will learn: The key components of time series data and forecasting models How to use ETS (Error, Trend, Seasonality) models to make forecasts How to use ARIMA (Autoregressive, Integrated, Moving Average) models to make forecasts Throughout this course you’ll also learn the techniques to apply your knowledge in a data analytics program called Alteryx. This course is part of the Business Analyst Nanodegree Program. Course Cost Free Timeline Approx. 3 weeks Skill Level intermediate Included in Product Rich Learning Content Interactive Quizzes Taught by Industry Pros Self-Paced Learning Student Support Community Join the Path to Greatness This course is your first step towards a new career with the Predictive Analytics for Business Program. Free Course Time Series Forecasting Enhance your skill set and boost your hirability through innovative, independent learning. Nanodegree Program Predictive Analytics for Business by Accelerate your career with the credential that fast-tracks you to job success. Learn More   Course Leads Tony Moses Instructor Prerequisites and Requirements No programming experience required. Interested in using data to make better business decisions. Alteryx license (provided to Nanodegree students at no cost, compatible with Windows only) See the Technology Requirements for using Udacity. Our Nanodegrees are packed with much more Nanodegree Certification Rich Learning Content Interactive Quizzes Self Paced Learning Taught by Industry Professionals 1-1 Coaching and Mentorship See Nanodegree Free Courses Rich Learning Content Interactive Quizzes Self Paced Learning Taught by Industry Professionals  See Free Courses Why Take This Course Predictive analytics has proved to be a powerful tool to help businesses analyze data and predict future outcomes and trends. Making forecasts using advanced analytics is crucial in today’s data-driven economy. In this course, you’ll learn how to use advanced forecasting models to predict the future. You'll learn this through improving your fluency in Alteryx, a data analytics tool that enables you prepare, blend, and analyze data quickly. This course is ideal for anyone who is interested in pursuing a career in business analysis, but lacks programming experience. What do I get? Instructor videos Learn by doing exercises Taught by industry professionals Related Free Courses A/B Testing for Business Analysts Data Visualization in Tableau Popular Free Courses Intro to HTML and CSS Udacity on the go Now you can achieve your goals on the move. Discover our offerings, personalised recommendations, classroom experience and so much more. Install Now! Need Help with Enrollments? 1800-121-6240 Mon - Fri, 10 am - 10 pm By calling this number, you consent to receive calls from, or on behalf of, Udacity per our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . Featured Programs VR Foundations VR Mobile 360 VR High Immersion Google Analytics Android Basics Machine Learning Engineer Become an iOS Developer Business Analyst Data Analyst Front-End Web Developer Full Stack Web Developer Intro to Programming React Only At Udacity Artificial Intelligence Deep Learning Digital Marketing Machine Learning Engineer Robotics Software Engineer Nanodegree Self-Driving Car Engineer Resources Nanodegrees Free Courses Career Resource Center Student Success Company About Blog Jobs Enterprise Udacity for Enterprise Corporate Training Hire Graduates Support Contact Us Help and FAQ Service Status Legal & Privacy © 2011–2019 Udacity, Inc. Legal & Privacy Regulatory Information Site Map India China Europe United States "Nanodegree" is a registered trademark of Udacity. © 2011–2019 Udacity, Inc. Udacity is not an accredited university and we don't confer degrees. Udacity Nanodegree programs are unique educational programs that are not affiliated with any university or sanctioned by the University Grants Commission.  