https://in.udacity.com/course/full-stack-foundations--ud088
                    Free Courses Nanodegree Hire Talent For Enterprise Refer & Earn Log In Course Finder Nanodegree For Enterprise Hire Talent Course Finder Log In Refer & Earn  Learn More Free Course Full Stack Foundations by Build a data-driven web app with Python Start Free Course Nanodegree Program Become a Professional Full Stack Developer by Accelerate your career with the credential that fast-tracks you to job success. About this Course In this course you will learn the fundamentals of back-end web development! You will create your own web application that queries a database for items on restaurant menus and then dynamically generates complete menus in the form of web pages and API endpoints. You’ll start by learning how to interact with a database from a web application using an Object-Relational Mapping (ORM) layer. From there, you’ll learn how GET and POST requests translate to CRUD operations. You’ll then explore the Flask framework and the various ways in which it can speed up the development of your applications. Finally, you’ll develop your very own web application from the ground up using the iterative development process. Course Cost Free Timeline Approx. 3 weeks Skill Level intermediate Included in Product Rich Learning Content Interactive Quizzes Taught by Industry Pros Self-Paced Learning Student Support Community Join the Path to Greatness This course is your first step towards a new career with the Become a Professional Full Stack Developer Program. Free Course Full Stack Foundations by Enhance your skill set and boost your hirability through innovative, independent learning. Nanodegree Program Become a Professional Full Stack Developer by Accelerate your career with the credential that fast-tracks you to job success. Learn More   Course Leads Lorenzo Brown Instructor Prerequisites and Requirements You should be comfortable with Python, including Object-Oriented Programming. If you’d like to brush up on your Python, try the first three lessons of our Intro to Computer Science course. For Object-Oriented Programming in Python, see Programming Foundations with Python . You should also have a firm understanding of SQL and working with a relational database, particularly PostgreSQL. Our Intro to Relational Databases course can get you started if you feel you’re not yet prepared. Finally, you should be able to read and write HTML and CSS without any guidance. If you need a refresher on HTML and CSS, start with our Intro to HTML and CSS course. To complete the final project for this course, it is critical you meet these prerequisites as you are given no assets to begin with and will truly build a complete web application from scratch. See the Technology Requirements for using Udacity. Our Nanodegrees are packed with much more Nanodegree Certification Rich Learning Content Interactive Quizzes Self Paced Learning Taught by Industry Professionals 1-1 Coaching and Mentorship See Nanodegree Free Courses Rich Learning Content Interactive Quizzes Self Paced Learning Taught by Industry Professionals  See Free Courses Why Take This Course Interacting with a persistent datastore is what transforms static web pages into powerful and effective web applications. Giving users the ability to create, read, update and delete data is the backbone of the most popular services on the Internet today. But, you must do so safely and securely - the smallest mistake could bring your application down or leak your user’s data. In this course, you’ll discover how all of the major components of web applications work and best practices in developing secure, data-driven web applications. What do I get? Instructor videos Learn by doing exercises Taught by industry professionals Related Free Courses Configuring Linux Web Servers Authentication & Authorization: OAuth HTTP & Web Servers Shell Workshop Popular Free Courses Intro to HTML and CSS Udacity on the go Now you can achieve your goals on the move. Discover our offerings, personalised recommendations, classroom experience and so much more. Install Now! Need Help with Enrollments? 1800-121-6240 Mon - Fri, 10 am - 10 pm By calling this number, you consent to receive calls from, or on behalf of, Udacity per our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . Featured Programs VR Foundations VR Mobile 360 VR High Immersion Google Analytics Android Basics Machine Learning Engineer Become an iOS Developer Business Analyst Data Analyst Front-End Web Developer Full Stack Web Developer Intro to Programming React Only At Udacity Artificial Intelligence Deep Learning Digital Marketing Machine Learning Engineer Robotics Software Engineer Nanodegree Self-Driving Car Engineer Resources Nanodegrees Free Courses Career Resource Center Student Success Company About Blog Jobs Enterprise Udacity for Enterprise Corporate Training Hire Graduates Support Contact Us Help and FAQ Service Status Legal & Privacy © 2011–2019 Udacity, Inc. Legal & Privacy Regulatory Information Site Map India China Europe United States "Nanodegree" is a registered trademark of Udacity. © 2011–2019 Udacity, Inc. Udacity is not an accredited university and we don't confer degrees. Udacity Nanodegree programs are unique educational programs that are not affiliated with any university or sanctioned by the University Grants Commission.  