https://in.udacity.com/course/how-to-build-a-startup--ep245
                    Free Courses Nanodegree Hire Talent For Enterprise Refer & Earn Log In Course Finder Nanodegree For Enterprise Hire Talent Course Finder Log In Refer & Earn  Learn More Free Course How to Build a Startup The Lean LaunchPad Start Free Course Nanodegree Program Design Sprint Foundations Accelerate your career with the credential that fast-tracks you to job success. About this Course In an introduction to the basics of the famous Customer Development Process, Steve Blank provides insight into the key steps needed to build a successful startup. The main idea in this course is learning how to rapidly develop and test ideas by gathering massive amounts of customer and marketplace feedback. Many startups fail by not validating their ideas early on with real-life customers. In order to mitigate that, students will learn how to get out of the building and search for the real pain points and unmet needs of customers. Only with these can the entrepreneur find a proper solution and establish a suitable business model. Building a startup is not simply building an execution plan for a business model that the entrepreneur thinks will work, but rather, a search for the actual business model itself. Watch Trailer Course Cost Free Timeline Approx. 1 months Skill Level intermediate Included in Product Rich Learning Content Interactive Quizzes Taught by Industry Pros Self-Paced Learning Student Support Community Join the Path to Greatness This course is your first step towards a new career with the Design Sprint Foundations Program. Free Course How to Build a Startup Enhance your skill set and boost your hirability through innovative, independent learning. Nanodegree Program Design Sprint Foundations Accelerate your career with the credential that fast-tracks you to job success. Learn More   Course Leads Steve Blank Instructor Kathleen Mullaney Instructor Prerequisites and Requirements This class involves no programming. The characteristics of a budding entrepreneur: passion, tenacity, and a willingness to work hard, are essential. We also recommend you join the class with at least a rough idea of a business model for a startup you would like to work on throughout this class. See the Technology Requirements for using Udacity. Our Nanodegrees are packed with much more Nanodegree Certification Rich Learning Content Interactive Quizzes Self Paced Learning Taught by Industry Professionals 1-1 Coaching and Mentorship See Nanodegree Free Courses Rich Learning Content Interactive Quizzes Self Paced Learning Taught by Industry Professionals  See Free Courses Why Take This Course You will learn the business skills it takes to bring your idea from conception to market. These include: Actively listening and engaging your customers to find out what exactly they want in your product and how you should deliver it to them Gathering, evaluating and using customer feedback to make your product, marketing, and business model stronger Engaging your customers through the three phases of the customer relationship management lifecycle: get, keep, and grow Identifying key resources, partners, activities, and distribution channels required to deliver your product to your customer Calculating your direct and indirect costs for delivering your product What do I get? Instructor videos Learn by doing exercises Taught by industry professionals Popular Free Courses Intro to HTML and CSS Udacity on the go Now you can achieve your goals on the move. Discover our offerings, personalised recommendations, classroom experience and so much more. Install Now! Need Help with Enrollments? 1800-121-6240 Mon - Fri, 10 am - 10 pm By calling this number, you consent to receive calls from, or on behalf of, Udacity per our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . Featured Programs VR Foundations VR Mobile 360 VR High Immersion Google Analytics Android Basics Machine Learning Engineer Become an iOS Developer Business Analyst Data Analyst Front-End Web Developer Full Stack Web Developer Intro to Programming React Only At Udacity Artificial Intelligence Deep Learning Digital Marketing Machine Learning Engineer Robotics Software Engineer Nanodegree Self-Driving Car Engineer Resources Nanodegrees Free Courses Career Resource Center Student Success Company About Blog Jobs Enterprise Udacity for Enterprise Corporate Training Hire Graduates Support Contact Us Help and FAQ Service Status Legal & Privacy © 2011–2019 Udacity, Inc. Legal & Privacy Regulatory Information Site Map India China Europe United States "Nanodegree" is a registered trademark of Udacity. © 2011–2019 Udacity, Inc. Udacity is not an accredited university and we don't confer degrees. Udacity Nanodegree programs are unique educational programs that are not affiliated with any university or sanctioned by the University Grants Commission.  