https://in.udacity.com/legal/band
                    Free Courses Nanodegree Hire Talent For Enterprise Refer & Earn Log In Course Finder Nanodegree For Enterprise Hire Talent Course Finder Log In Refer & Earn Business Analyst Nanodegree Program  If you accessed and paid for services for the Business Analyst Nanodegree Program ("BAND Program"), formerly known as the Predictive Analytics for Business Nanodegree Program, on or after December 16, 2016, your enrollment is bound by the following additional terms and conditions which modify, amend and supplement Udacity's terms and conditions . Capitalized terms found herein shall also be as defined in the Udacity terms and conditions.  Unlike other Udacity Nanodegree Programs, the BAND Program does not maintain monthly fee pricing, but is instead structured as flat fee for enrollment with up to one (1) year to complete the BAND Program. Enrollees in the BAND Program have seven (7) days from enrollment in an individual segment to disenroll and request a full refund. Fees paid for the BAND Program are thereafter non-refundable for that segment. You must send an email to payment-support@udacity.com for request of a refund.  For the BAND Program, you may not otherwise access free trial periods, or other general discounts, coupons or credits, unless a program-specific offer is made to you superseding these terms. If your BAND Program is paid for or sponsored by a third party, see also the Sponsored Services portion of the Terms of Use for further details. Please be aware that certain promotions and discounts may need to be disclosed to third party payors, including your employer or other corporate or government sponsor, or could potentially be perceived as fraud or considered "kick backs" under applicable law in many countries.  Further, "pause" functionality in your Udacity Account will not be available and you must complete the program within one year from your enrollment date. In addition, at this time the Udacity Fifty Percent Money–Back Guarantee and Nanodegree Plus programs are also unavailable for BAND Program enrollments. Certain other promotions may also be excluded in the future from application to the BAND Program. The BAND Program shall be solely for access for the period noted in the purchase documentation and may not be credited for any other Udacity program. Udacity reserves the right to modify or update these terms with respect to activation and enrollment limitations for the BAND Program at any time and/or discontinue the program. Featured Programs VR Foundations VR Mobile 360 VR High Immersion Google Analytics Android Basics Machine Learning Engineer Become an iOS Developer Business Analyst Data Analyst Front-End Web Developer Full Stack Web Developer Intro to Programming React Only At Udacity Artificial Intelligence Deep Learning Digital Marketing Machine Learning Engineer Robotics Software Engineer Nanodegree Self-Driving Car Engineer Resources Nanodegrees Free Courses Career Resource Center Student Success Company About Blog Jobs Enterprise Udacity for Enterprise Corporate Training Hire Graduates Support Contact Us Help and FAQ Service Status Legal & Privacy © 2011–2019 Udacity, Inc. Legal & Privacy Regulatory Information Site Map India China Europe United States "Nanodegree" is a registered trademark of Udacity. © 2011–2019 Udacity, Inc. Udacity is not an accredited university and we don't confer degrees. Udacity Nanodegree programs are unique educational programs that are not affiliated with any university or sanctioned by the University Grants Commission.  