https://in.udacity.com/course/product-design--ud509
                    Free Courses Nanodegree Hire Talent For Enterprise Refer & Earn Log In Course Finder Nanodegree For Enterprise Hire Talent Course Finder Log In Refer & Earn  Learn More Free Course Product Design by Validation and UX through Design Sprints Start Free Course Nanodegree Program VR Mobile 360 by VR Mobile 360 Accelerate your career with the credential that fast-tracks you to job success. About this Course There is nothing more powerful than an idea whose time has come. This course is designed to help you materialize your game-changing idea and transform it into a product that you can build a business around. Product Design blends theory and practice to teach you product validation, UI/UX practices, Google’s Design Sprint and the process for setting and tracking actionable metrics. Course Cost Free Timeline Approx. 2 months Skill Level intermediate Included in Product Rich Learning Content Interactive Quizzes Taught by Industry Pros Self-Paced Learning Student Support Community Join the Path to Greatness This course is your first step towards a new career with the VR Mobile 360 Program. Free Course Product Design by Enhance your skill set and boost your hirability through innovative, independent learning. Nanodegree Program VR Mobile 360 by Accelerate your career with the credential that fast-tracks you to job success. Learn More   Course Leads Chris Saden Instructor Amir Shevat Instructor Prerequisites and Requirements This course has no formal prerequisites. You just need to have a problem to solve and be open to feedback! See the Technology Requirements for using Udacity. Our Nanodegrees are packed with much more Nanodegree Certification Rich Learning Content Interactive Quizzes Self Paced Learning Taught by Industry Professionals 1-1 Coaching and Mentorship See Nanodegree Free Courses Rich Learning Content Interactive Quizzes Self Paced Learning Taught by Industry Professionals  See Free Courses Why Take This Course Over the years, Silicon Valley startups have developed a series of frameworks and best practices for product design. Through startup case studies and interviews with industry experts, we want to bring you the best of Silicon Valley with lessons you can apply to influence the design of your mobile or web app. By the end of the course, you will know how to perform a Google Design Sprint (developed at Google Ventures and exclusively taught in this course) to design, prototype and test your ideas. You will also learn to design low fidelity  mockups for your product and capture appropriate metrics. What do I get? Instructor videos Learn by doing exercises Taught by industry professionals Popular Free Courses Intro to HTML and CSS Udacity on the go Now you can achieve your goals on the move. Discover our offerings, personalised recommendations, classroom experience and so much more. Install Now! Need Help with Enrollments? 1800-121-6240 Mon - Fri, 10 am - 10 pm By calling this number, you consent to receive calls from, or on behalf of, Udacity per our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . Featured Programs VR Foundations VR Mobile 360 VR High Immersion Google Analytics Android Basics Machine Learning Engineer Become an iOS Developer Business Analyst Data Analyst Front-End Web Developer Full Stack Web Developer Intro to Programming React Only At Udacity Artificial Intelligence Deep Learning Digital Marketing Machine Learning Engineer Robotics Software Engineer Nanodegree Self-Driving Car Engineer Resources Nanodegrees Free Courses Career Resource Center Student Success Company About Blog Jobs Enterprise Udacity for Enterprise Corporate Training Hire Graduates Support Contact Us Help and FAQ Service Status Legal & Privacy © 2011–2019 Udacity, Inc. Legal & Privacy Regulatory Information Site Map India China Europe United States "Nanodegree" is a registered trademark of Udacity. © 2011–2019 Udacity, Inc. Udacity is not an accredited university and we don't confer degrees. Udacity Nanodegree programs are unique educational programs that are not affiliated with any university or sanctioned by the University Grants Commission.  