https://in.udacity.com/success
Free Courses Nanodegrees Hire Talent For Business Have Queries? Call: 18001216240 Login My Classroom Course Finder   Nanodegrees  For Business  Course Finder Login  My Classroom  Refer & Earn We have over 170 free courses in machine learning, artificial intelligence, automation, web development and mobile development. Download our app now to enroll in these courses  DOWNLOAD APP Student Stories At Udacity, we are so fortunate to touch lives. Helping students live their dreams. Excel in their career. Live their passion. Make an impact. How Anand, with 27 years of experience in oil & gas industry, decided to make a career shift with Udacity The exposure we get while learning is the best. Our classroom circle is bigger and we have students of all ages, who are ready to help each other and different stories of other peers motivate you a lot. Dhruv Shrivastav I am 17 years old now and am the one who develops and creates all Apps used by Facilitators of West Bengal Government. And, Udacity made this possible. Ayan Saha  8 year old veteran and still learning! Through the Nanodegree, I learnt many new concepts that I had never worked upon. I learnt various Read Full Story - Abhinav Tyagi Android Developer Nanodegree  From Mechanical Engineer to Andriod Developer Once I finish my Nanodegree, I can say, I may not have degree in computer science but I have Nanodegree Read Full Story - Niharika Sharma Android Developer Nanodegree  Journey from Front End Developer to Code Reviewer The Nanodegree taught me perseverance. I had to consistently work on the projects. It also Read Full Story - Adhyan Shrivastav Front-End Web Developer Nanodegree  Ashok’s dream I always wanted to develop games. Udacity helped me turn my ideas into reality Watch Video - Ashok Kumar Android Developer Nanodegree  Career Shift I was an HR Recruiter and wanted to be on the other side.Udacity has been saviour in life. Watch Video - Niharika Sharma Android Developer Nanodegree  Pushkina's Story I wanted to grow as a marketing professional and evolve my predictive analytics skills. That’s when I came across Udacity and so far the experience has been amazing Watch Video - Pushkina Nautiyal Business Analyst Nanodegree  Achieving the impossible with Udacity The exposure we get while learning is the best. Our classroom circle is bigger and we have students of all ages, who are Read Full Story - Dhruv Bhatti Intro to Programming Nanodegree  Excelling at career path with Udacity Udacity has been a tutorial partner for me from my early days of android programming. Opting for Read Full Story - Anirudh Ramanan Android Developer Nanodegree  Keeping up with ever changing technology The Nanodegree encouraged me to push the limits and write code in new situations. This helped me gain Read Full Story - Kushal Sharma Android Developer Nanodegree  Harshita's Story Udacity Nanodegrees are designed in a way that, even beginners like me, can learn with ease Watch Video - Harshita Android Developer Nanodegree Have a story to share? Fill in this form to get your story on Udacity Name* Email Id* Free Course/Nanodegree Name* Contact No.* By confirming you agree to Udacity's terms and conditions Start your success journey today Explore Udacity Nanodegrees and free courses Nanodegree Programs Cutting-edge courses taught by expert instructors. 1:1 Mentoring, project review, and career guidance. Credentials built and recognized by industry leaders like Google, AT&T, Facebook, and more. Free courses Cutting-edge courses taught by expert instructors. Independent study path. Skills-oriented learning. Start Learning Now Explore how students are impacting the world globally Featured Nanodegree Programs Machine Learning Engineer Full Stack Web Developer Android Basics Nanodegree by Google Android Developer Nanodegree by Google Data Analyst Front-End Web Developer Intro to Programming Student Resources Blog Help & FAQ Nanodegree Free Courses Android App iOS App Udacity About In the News Jobs @ Udacity Udacity for Business Hire Graduates Student Success Inquiries Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Employer Policy © 2011–2018 Udacity, Inc. Legal & Privacy Brazil China Germany India "Nanodegree" is a registered trademark of Udacity. © 2011–2018 Udacity, Inc. Udacity is not an accredited university and we don't confer traditional degrees. Udacity Nanodegree programs represent collaborations with our industry partners who help us develop our content and who hire many of our program graduates.