https://in.udacity.com/course/software-development-process--ud805
                    Free Courses Nanodegree Hire Talent For Enterprise Refer & Earn Log In Course Finder Nanodegree For Enterprise Hire Talent Course Finder Log In Refer & Earn  Learn More Free Course Software Development Process by From Idea to Product Start Free Course Nanodegree Program Become a Professional Full Stack Developer by Accelerate your career with the credential that fast-tracks you to job success. About this Course This class is offered as CS6300 at Georgia Tech where it is a part of the Online Masters Degree (OMS) . Taking this course here will not earn credit towards the OMS degree. In SDP, you will learn how to select and implement the ideal software process for your development project. Through Professor Orso's engaging examples and interviews with industry insiders, you will learn both conceptual and practical aspects of software engineering. The course covers requirements engineering, architecture and design, testing and maintenance, and software quality in general. The goal of this class is to equip you with the skills necessary to define requirements, set up an integrated development environment (IDE), learn Git (and Github!) and use Unified Modeling Language (UML) to design and build an Android application. We will also examine several testing practices and refactoring techniques that are helpful before the launch of your software project. While everyone working with software should have these skills, they are particularly important for Software Engineers and Engineering Managers. Course Cost Free Timeline Approx. 3 months Skill Level intermediate Included in Product Rich Learning Content Interactive Quizzes Taught by Industry Pros Self-Paced Learning Student Support Community Join the Path to Greatness This course is your first step towards a new career with the Become a Professional Full Stack Developer Program. Free Course Software Development Process by Enhance your skill set and boost your hirability through innovative, independent learning. Nanodegree Program Become a Professional Full Stack Developer by Accelerate your career with the credential that fast-tracks you to job success. Learn More   Course Leads Alex Orso Instructor Sarah Spikes Instructor Prerequisites and Requirements A strong familiarity with Android development (perhaps through Developing Android Apps ) is expected. See the Technology Requirements for using Udacity. Our Nanodegrees are packed with much more Nanodegree Certification Rich Learning Content Interactive Quizzes Self Paced Learning Taught by Industry Professionals 1-1 Coaching and Mentorship See Nanodegree Free Courses Rich Learning Content Interactive Quizzes Self Paced Learning Taught by Industry Professionals  See Free Courses Why Take This Course Software engineering isn’t just about programming. It isn’t just about building a technology stack. This course introduces the idea of software engineering as an iterative, systematic process. You will learn to use Github and Eclipse as you get introduced to the development life cycle, design processes and software testing. Software Development Processes will show you the skills and processes needed to complement technical understanding of software products in order to make you a more effective developer in an engineering team. What do I get? Instructor videos Learn by doing exercises Taught by industry professionals Popular Free Courses Intro to HTML and CSS Udacity on the go Now you can achieve your goals on the move. Discover our offerings, personalised recommendations, classroom experience and so much more. Install Now! Need Help with Enrollments? 1800-121-6240 Mon - Fri, 10 am - 10 pm By calling this number, you consent to receive calls from, or on behalf of, Udacity per our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . Featured Programs VR Foundations VR Mobile 360 VR High Immersion Google Analytics Android Basics Machine Learning Engineer Become an iOS Developer Business Analyst Data Analyst Front-End Web Developer Full Stack Web Developer Intro to Programming React Only At Udacity Artificial Intelligence Deep Learning Digital Marketing Machine Learning Engineer Robotics Software Engineer Nanodegree Self-Driving Car Engineer Resources Nanodegrees Free Courses Career Resource Center Student Success Company About Blog Jobs Enterprise Udacity for Enterprise Corporate Training Hire Graduates Support Contact Us Help and FAQ Service Status Legal & Privacy © 2011–2019 Udacity, Inc. Legal & Privacy Regulatory Information Site Map India China Europe United States "Nanodegree" is a registered trademark of Udacity. © 2011–2019 Udacity, Inc. Udacity is not an accredited university and we don't confer degrees. Udacity Nanodegree programs are unique educational programs that are not affiliated with any university or sanctioned by the University Grants Commission.  