https://in.udacity.com/course/intro-to-relational-databases--ud197
                    Free Courses Nanodegree Hire Talent For Enterprise Refer & Earn Log In Course Finder Nanodegree For Enterprise Hire Talent Course Finder Log In Refer & Earn  Learn More Free Course Intro to Relational Databases SQL, DB-API, and More! Start Free Course Nanodegree Program Become a Professional Full Stack Developer by Accelerate your career with the credential that fast-tracks you to job success. About this Course This course is a quick, fun introduction to using a relational database from your code, using examples in Python. You'll learn the basics of SQL (the Structured Query Language) and database design, as well as the Python API for connecting Python code to a database. You'll also learn a bit about protecting your database-backed web apps from common security problems. After taking this course, you'll be able to write code using a database as a backend to store application data reliably and safely. Course Cost Free Timeline Approx. 4 weeks Skill Level intermediate Included in Product Rich Learning Content Interactive Quizzes Taught by Industry Pros Self-Paced Learning Student Support Community Join the Path to Greatness This course is your first step towards a new career with the Become a Professional Full Stack Developer Program. Free Course Intro to Relational Databases Enhance your skill set and boost your hirability through innovative, independent learning. Nanodegree Program Become a Professional Full Stack Developer by Accelerate your career with the credential that fast-tracks you to job success. Learn More   Course Leads Karl Krueger Instructor Prerequisites and Requirements You can read and write basic code in Python. This course uses programming exercises in Python. If you haven't worked with Python before, check out our course Programming Foundations with Python . If you can understand this code (maybe with the help of the random module documentation ), you know enough Python for this course: import randomdef ChooseTwice(items):    a = random.choice(items)    b = random.choice(items)    return a, bnames = ["Alice", "Bob", "Charlie", "Debra"](one, two) = ChooseTwice(names)if one == two:    print "%s is happy!" % oneelse:    print "%s likes %s!" % (one, two) You can use a command-line interface (terminal). Some of the exercises in this course involve using a Unix-style command-line interface to enter commands, run Python programs, and navigate directories. If you have taken our course on Git and Github , the level of command-line use in this course is similar. You don't need to be a Web programmer. This course does include a small Web application and some HTML and JavaScript in examples, but you will not need to make changes in these languages. You don't need any previous database experience. This course is an entry-level introduction to relational databases. You need a programming text editor (such as Sublime Text ) installed on your computer. You should be able to use it to open and edit files of Python code. See the Technology Requirements for using Udacity. Our Nanodegrees are packed with much more Nanodegree Certification Rich Learning Content Interactive Quizzes Self Paced Learning Taught by Industry Professionals 1-1 Coaching and Mentorship See Nanodegree Free Courses Rich Learning Content Interactive Quizzes Self Paced Learning Taught by Industry Professionals  See Free Courses Why Take This Course If you look under the hood of a lot of major web sites — from Wikipedia to Reddit — you'll find a relational database somewhere. Database systems such as PostgreSQL and MySQL have been part of the web developer's toolkit for many years, and remain some of the most powerful tools available for storing and manipulating structured data. If you're planning to continue on in full-stack development, knowing about databases is essential background. Even though many toolkits hide the details of the database from your application code, being able to interact with the database will serve you well in designing, debugging, and maintaining your applications. What do I get? Instructor videos Learn by doing exercises Taught by industry professionals Related Free Courses Shell Workshop Popular Free Courses Intro to HTML and CSS Udacity on the go Now you can achieve your goals on the move. Discover our offerings, personalised recommendations, classroom experience and so much more. Install Now! Need Help with Enrollments? 1800-121-6240 Mon - Fri, 10 am - 10 pm By calling this number, you consent to receive calls from, or on behalf of, Udacity per our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . Featured Programs VR Foundations VR Mobile 360 VR High Immersion Google Analytics Android Basics Machine Learning Engineer Become an iOS Developer Business Analyst Data Analyst Front-End Web Developer Full Stack Web Developer Intro to Programming React Only At Udacity Artificial Intelligence Deep Learning Digital Marketing Machine Learning Engineer Robotics Software Engineer Nanodegree Self-Driving Car Engineer Resources Nanodegrees Free Courses Career Resource Center Student Success Company About Blog Jobs Enterprise Udacity for Enterprise Corporate Training Hire Graduates Support Contact Us Help and FAQ Service Status Legal & Privacy © 2011–2019 Udacity, Inc. Legal & Privacy Regulatory Information Site Map India China Europe United States "Nanodegree" is a registered trademark of Udacity. © 2011–2019 Udacity, Inc. Udacity is not an accredited university and we don't confer degrees. Udacity Nanodegree programs are unique educational programs that are not affiliated with any university or sanctioned by the University Grants Commission.  