https://in.udacity.com/course/intro-to-progressive-web-apps--ud811
                    Free Courses Nanodegree Hire Talent For Enterprise Refer & Earn Log In Course Finder Nanodegree For Enterprise Hire Talent Course Finder Log In Refer & Earn  Learn More Free Course Intro to Progressive Web Apps by Web Apps for the Next Billion Users Start Free Course Nanodegree Program Become a Professional Full Stack Developer by Accelerate your career with the credential that fast-tracks you to job success. About this Course In this course you’ll get started working on your very first Progressive Web App (PWA) - a web app that can take advantage of many of the features native applications have enjoyed. You’ll also get more experience in creating a web app that works offline using Service Workers. Finally, you’ll make your app installable to the user’s home screen with the Web App Manifest file. Course Cost Free Timeline Approx. 2 weeks Skill Level intermediate Included in Product Rich Learning Content Interactive Quizzes Taught by Industry Pros Self-Paced Learning Student Support Community Join the Path to Greatness This course is your first step towards a new career with the Become a Professional Full Stack Developer Program. Free Course Intro to Progressive Web Apps by Enhance your skill set and boost your hirability through innovative, independent learning. Nanodegree Program Become a Professional Full Stack Developer by Accelerate your career with the credential that fast-tracks you to job success. Learn More   Course Leads Pete LePage Instructor Michael Wales Instructor Prerequisites and Requirements Students should know HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, including object-oriented JavaScript. You should also have access to a mobile device capable of running the latest version of Google Chrome . See the Technology Requirements for using Udacity. Our Nanodegrees are packed with much more Nanodegree Certification Rich Learning Content Interactive Quizzes Self Paced Learning Taught by Industry Professionals 1-1 Coaching and Mentorship See Nanodegree Free Courses Rich Learning Content Interactive Quizzes Self Paced Learning Taught by Industry Professionals  See Free Courses Why Take This Course This content is important because the next frontier for developers is creating web applications that can reach places native apps cannot. This course covers the requirements for and construction of Progressive Web Applications – web sites that can install and operate applications on a mobile device just as if they were native applications. What do I get? Instructor videos Learn by doing exercises Taught by industry professionals Popular Free Courses Intro to HTML and CSS Udacity on the go Now you can achieve your goals on the move. Discover our offerings, personalised recommendations, classroom experience and so much more. Install Now! Need Help with Enrollments? 1800-121-6240 Mon - Fri, 10 am - 10 pm By calling this number, you consent to receive calls from, or on behalf of, Udacity per our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . Featured Programs VR Foundations VR Mobile 360 VR High Immersion Google Analytics Android Basics Machine Learning Engineer Become an iOS Developer Business Analyst Data Analyst Front-End Web Developer Full Stack Web Developer Intro to Programming React Only At Udacity Artificial Intelligence Deep Learning Digital Marketing Machine Learning Engineer Robotics Software Engineer Nanodegree Self-Driving Car Engineer Resources Nanodegrees Free Courses Career Resource Center Student Success Company About Blog Jobs Enterprise Udacity for Enterprise Corporate Training Hire Graduates Support Contact Us Help and FAQ Service Status Legal & Privacy © 2011–2019 Udacity, Inc. Legal & Privacy Regulatory Information Site Map India China Europe United States "Nanodegree" is a registered trademark of Udacity. © 2011–2019 Udacity, Inc. Udacity is not an accredited university and we don't confer degrees. Udacity Nanodegree programs are unique educational programs that are not affiliated with any university or sanctioned by the University Grants Commission.  