https://in.udacity.com/legal/google-africa-scholarships
                    Free Courses Nanodegree Hire Talent For Enterprise Refer & Earn Log In Course Finder Nanodegree For Enterprise Hire Talent Course Finder Log In Refer & Earn Scholarship  Udacity, Inc. provides a program under which it grants scholarships to students who apply for sponsorships of fees for Udacity programs ("Scholarship Program"). Udacity shall provide fully-funded sponsorship (“Scholarships”) for one or both of the following services: (i) a two-month unique instance of custom learning path created from curated combinations of courses in web or Android (“Custom MOOC”), (ii) a five-month subscription to one of four (4) Nanodegree Programs: Front-End Web Developer, Mobile Web Specialist, Android Basics Nanodegree and Android Developer, collectively referred to herein as “ND Program(s).”  By applying for the Scholarships described herein you agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions and rules. Udacity is not responsible for the policies, regulations, laws, actions, or inactions of others that might prevent you from applying for or participating in the Scholarship Programs, and/or claiming the Scholarship if you’re declared a Winner, as defined in the rules. Participation in this Contest constitutes Participant’s full and unconditional agreement to Udacity’s decisions in administering the program, which are final and binding in all matters related thereto. Winning a scholarship award is contingent upon fulfilling all requirements set forth herein and in the rules. If you wish to be removed from eligibility for the Scholarship program, please email Udacity customer service at scholarships-support@udacity.com .  Sponsor  The Scholarship Program is sponsored and administered by Udacity, Inc., a (U.S.) Delaware corporation located at 2465 Latham St. 3rd Floor, Mountain View, California 94040, United States of America (“Udacity” or “Sponsor”).  Contest Period  Registrants that apply for the Scholarships between March 19, 2018 and April 24, 2018 and meet all eligibility requirements described herein are eligible for the Scholarships awarded herein (“Application Period”). Award of Scholarships shall happen on a periodically rolling basis and notification of awards will be sent to winners before May 2, 2018 (together with the Application Period, the “Scholarship Period”).  Eligibility  The Scholarship opportunity is only open to individuals who are:   at the time of entry are at least 18 years of age on the date of entry; and residents of any jurisdiction from any country in Africa that does not otherwise ban participation in the Contest or where Udacity is otherwise unable provide its services by applicable laws ("Participants").  Employees and officers of Sponsor, the parties’ advertising and promotion agencies, and all other entities participating in the design, promotion, marketing, advertising, administration or fulfillment of this Contest and their immediate families (“Promotion Parties”) are ineligible to participate in this Contest. Void where else restricted or prohibited by law. Participants' rights and responsibilities may vary by jurisdiction.  Potential Winners will be required to sign, notarize, and return an Affidavit or Declaration of Eligibility, a Liability/Publicity Release and provide any additional information that may be required by Sponsor. Failure to comply with such requirements within the time period stipulated by Sponsor may result in disqualification and selection of an alternate winner.  How to Apply  At any time during the Contest Period, access the Scholarship application from https://www.udacity.com/google-africa-scholarships and complete the application in full prior to the end of the Application Period.  Entry Submission Conditions  Only one (1) Entry per Participant during the Contest Period. Each Participant is limited to one (1) entry for the Contest Period. All requested information in the application must be completed to enter and to be eligible to win. Participants will be deemed to be the Authorized Account Holder of the registered student account that completes the application. "Authorized Account Holder" is defined as the natural person who is assigned to the registered student account by Udacity. In the event of a dispute over the ownership of a registered student account, the prize will be awarded to the Authorized Account Holder of the registered student account.  Judging Criteria:  The winners will be selected by Udacity in its sole discretion. Judges will evaluate each Participant’s coursework in eligible courses and Nanodegree programs and select winners based on the below criteria:   Satisfactory completion of the application for the Scholarship Demonstrated ability to successfully complete or make substantial progress in online courses like those offered on Udacity.com Sufficient prerequisite knowledge necessary for the programs Review of the content of all applications will be evaluated based on the quality and thoughtfulness of their responses. Submissions should incorporate the following elements that the judges will use as criteria when selecting contest winners: Goal Orientation and Desire to Make an Impact, Demonstrated Determination and Diversity of Perspective  The decisions of Udacity are final, binding, and not subject to appeal. Sponsor reserves the right to not award all prizes in its sole discretion if it does not receive a sufficient number of qualified and eligible entries, or otherwise for reasons of force-majeure or causes beyond the Sponsor’s reasonable control. In the event of a tie, the sole decision for breaking the tie will be the responsibility of Udacity.  Announcement of Winners:  Winners will be individually contacted by Udacity and/or its representatives via e-mail addresses and contact numbers provided during application for the Scholarships. Google or Udacity may also announce winners’ names publicly. All eligible Participants agree to receive phone calls and emails from Google and its representatives in relation to the Scholarship.  Additional Scholarship Terms  Scholarship winners (“Winners”) will have their Program fees paid for directly by Udacity.  Scholarship winners receive credit for a scholarship sufficient to cover fees paid for the eligible Program and for no additional amounts. If the Winner(s) decides to take-up any other curriculum or training provided by Udacity, whether related to Front-End, Mobile Web Specialist, Android Basics, Android Developer Program or otherwise, the cost of subsequent Nanodegree Programs will be borne by the Winner(s) themselves and neither Udacity nor Google shall in any way be liable for payment of any such programs or trainings for any of the Winners or participants.  There is no cash alternative to the Scholarship. Winners shall not seek any refunds from Udacity for uncompleted Nanodegree Programs or in lieu of forgoing the Scholarship Program and shall not be eligible for any other promotions or discounts offered by Udacity or its partners, including without limitation any applicable “money back” guarantees or any reimbursement programs.  The Scholarships are non-transferrable i.e. the Winners cannot transfer their Scholarships to anyone else or share or otherwise lease, rent or divide accounts.  Udacity shall not be responsible for any taxes or levies that may be applicable on/charged to the Winners by their respective jurisdictions. Winners shall be solely responsible to make appropriate disclosures of their Scholarships to relevant authorities and pay taxes and levies as may be applicable to each of the Winners. Udacity will not provide any tax guidance or advice on this matter to any of the Participants and Winners should engage independent consultants/advisors to seek any advice in this regard in their sole discretion.  Udacity shall not be responsible to re-sponsor the Scholarships for any of the Winners if the concerned Winner is unable to undergo the Front-End, Mobile Web Specialist, Android Basics Program or Android Developer Program, for any reason whatsoever, or is unable to complete it successfully.  Udacity is not responsible for the content of the Front-End, Mobile Web Specialist, Android Basics Program, Android Developer Program or their relevance, suitability or usability for the Winners. The Front-End, Mobile Web Specialist, Android Basics Program, Android Developer Program shall be governed by the terms and conditions provided by Udacity and Udacity and Google together, respectively.  Representations and Warranties/Indemnification  Participants’ submissions must be the original work of the Participant, may not have been previously published, and must not infringe upon the copyrights, trademarks, rights of privacy, publicity or other intellectual property or other rights of any person or entity. Participant must not have received any other refund or credit for participation in Udacity marketing programs for the eligible programs, including without limitation, any money back guarantee program. By submitting information to Udacity, Participant warrants and represents that he/she consents to the submission and use and exhibition of the submissions in the manner set forth in these Official Rules and the Terms and Conditions of Use of the Website. Sponsor reserves the right to disqualify any Participant for any reason, in its sole and absolute discretion.  Privacy Notice  Participants agree that Udacity may collect, store, share and otherwise use information provided during the registration/application process, including, but not limited to, name, mailing address, phone number, and email address, including for administering the Scholarship program and verifying the Participant’s identity, postal address and telephone number in the event an Participant is selected to be a Winner. Except as described herein, Udacity will use Participants’ data in accordance with its privacy policy located at https://www.udacity.com/legal/privacy . Participant’s information may also be transferred to countries outside the country of Participant's residence, including the United States. Such other countries may not have privacy laws and regulations similar to those of the country of Participant's residence. If a Participant does not provide the mandatory data required, Sponsor reserve the right to disqualify the Participant. Participants have the right to request access, review, rectification or deletion of any personal data held by Udacity in connection with the Scholarship Contest.  By participating in this Scholarship Contest, each Participant agrees that if the Participant is declared a winner, your name may be announced publicly (for example it may be posted on the program’s website) and his or her name and image may be used to promote the Scholarship program. Sponsor may also ask Winners to participate in media activities, but such participation is optional.  Nature of Relationship / Waiver of Equitable Relief  Each Participant hereby acknowledges and agrees that the relationship between the Participant and the Sponsor is not a confidential, fiduciary, or other special relationship, and that the Participant's decision to provide information to Sponsor for purposes of the Contest does not place the Sponsor in a position that is any different from the position held by members of the general public with regard to elements of the Participant's Submission. Finally, each Participant acknowledges that, with respect to any claim by Participant relating to or arising out of any Sponsor actual or alleged exploitation or use of any Submission or other material submitted in connection with the Contest, the damage, if any, thereby caused to the applicable Participant will not be irreparable or otherwise sufficient to entitle such Participant to seek injunctive or other equitable relief in any way. Some Participants may have additional rights, depending upon their jurisdiction.  Governing Law  The Contest is governed by the laws of the State of California, excluding its conflict-of-laws principles. The exclusive venue for any dispute relating to this Contest shall be Santa Clara County, California.  Limitation of Liability  TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, Sponsor WILL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR LOST PROFITS, REVENUES OR DATA, FINANCIAL LOSSES OR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES. IN ALL CASES, Sponsor WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE THAT IS NOT REASONABLY FORESEEABLE. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE TOTAL LIABILITY OF Sponsor FOR ANY CLAIMS UNDER THESE TERMS, INCLUDING FOR ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES, IS LIMITED TO THE COST OF THE FEES PAID BY PARTICIPANT FOR THE NANODEGREE PROGRAM.  TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, SPONSORS WILL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR LOST PROFITS, REVENUES OR DATA, FINANCIAL LOSSES OR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES. IN ALL CASES, SPONSORS WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE THAT IS NOT REASONABLY FORESEEABLE. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE TOTAL LIABILITY OF SPONSORS FOR ANY CLAIMS UNDER THESE TERMS, INCLUDING FOR ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES, IS LIMITED TO THE COST OF THE FEES PAID BY PARTICIPANT FOR THE NANODEGREE PROGRAM.  General Liability Release/Force Majeure  Participants agree that the Sponsor shall not be responsible or liable for any losses, damages or injuries of any kind resulting from the Contest or any Contest-related activity. Sponsor assume no responsibility for any damage to a Participant's computer system which is occasioned by accessing the Website or participating in the Contest, or for any computer system, phone line, hardware, software or program malfunctions, or other errors, failures, delayed computer transmissions or network connections that are human or technical in nature. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Sponsor is not responsible for incomplete, illegible, misdirected, misprinted, late, lost, damaged or stolen Submissions or notifications; or for lost, interrupted, inaccessible or unavailable networks, servers, satellites, Internet Service Providers, websites, or other connections; or for miscommunications, failed, jumbled, scrambled, delayed, or misdirected computer, telephone or cable transmissions; or for any technical malfunctions, failures, difficulties or other errors of any kind or nature; or for the incorrect or inaccurate capture of information, or the failure to capture any information. Sponsor reserves the right in its sole discretion to disqualify any individual who is found to be tampering with the entry process or the operation of the Contest or the Website, to be acting in violation of these Official Rules, or to be acting in a disruptive manner, or with the intent to disrupt or undermine the legitimate operation of the Contest, or to annoy, abuse, threaten or harass any other person, and Sponsor reserves the right to seek damages and other remedies from any such person to the fullest extent permitted by law. In the event Sponsor is prevented from continuing with the Contest as contemplated herein by any event beyond its control, including but not limited to fire, flood, earthquake, explosion, labor dispute or strike, act of God or public enemy, or any federal, state or local government law, order, or regulation, or other cause not reasonably within Sponsor's control (each a "Force Majeure" event or occurrence), then subject to any governmental approval which may be required, Sponsor shall have the right to modify, suspend, or terminate the Contest. If the Contest is terminated before the designated end date, Sponsor will (if possible) select the winners from all eligible, non-suspect Submissions received as of the date of the event giving rise to the termination. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of these rules shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision. In the event that any provision is determined to be invalid or otherwise unenforceable or illegal, these rules shall otherwise remain in effect and shall be construed in accordance with their terms as if the invalid or illegal provision were not contained herein. Participants may have additional rights, and those rights may vary by jurisdiction and Sponsor will abide by additional terms of those jurisdictions.  Recipient List  Participants may request a list of recipients of Scholarships by mailing Udacity, Inc., 2465 Latham St. 3rd Floor, Mountain View, California 94040, U.S.A. by June 30, 2018. Featured Programs VR Foundations VR Mobile 360 VR High Immersion Google Analytics Android Basics Machine Learning Engineer Become an iOS Developer Business Analyst Data Analyst Front-End Web Developer Full Stack Web Developer Intro to Programming React Only At Udacity Artificial Intelligence Deep Learning Digital Marketing Machine Learning Engineer Robotics Software Engineer Nanodegree Self-Driving Car Engineer Resources Nanodegrees Free Courses Career Resource Center Student Success Company About Blog Jobs Enterprise Udacity for Enterprise Corporate Training Hire Graduates Support Contact Us Help and FAQ Service Status Legal & Privacy © 2011–2019 Udacity, Inc. Legal & Privacy Regulatory Information Site Map India China Europe United States "Nanodegree" is a registered trademark of Udacity. © 2011–2019 Udacity, Inc. Udacity is not an accredited university and we don't confer degrees. Udacity Nanodegree programs are unique educational programs that are not affiliated with any university or sanctioned by the University Grants Commission.  