https://in.udacity.com/course/firebase-in-a-weekend-by-google-android--ud0352
                    Free Courses Nanodegree Hire Talent For Enterprise Refer & Earn Log In Course Finder Nanodegree For Enterprise Hire Talent Course Finder Log In Refer & Earn  Learn More Free Course Firebase in a Weekend: Android by Building a Realtime Chat App Start Free Course Nanodegree Program Become an Android Developer by Accelerate your career with the credential that fast-tracks you to job success. About this Course In this course, you’ll learn how to use Firebase. Firebase is app development platform that provides developers a variety of tools and a scalable infrastructure to build high quality apps. We’ll begin by showing you how easy it is to read and write almost any data to Firebase. After that, we’ll teach you how to allow users to login, have data associated with them and send them notifications. You’ll learn how to use Firebase’s Security and Rules language to secure and add permissions to your data. Firebase Remote Config gives you the ability to tune and customize your app without having to publish a new version. Finally we’ll give you a brief overview of Firebase Analytics so you can collect data from the start. Got extra time this weekend? As a bonus, you will write your own Cloud Function for Firebase that makes chat more fun by adding emojis to FriendlyChat conversations. Cloud Functions for Firebase integrates the Firebase platform by letting you write code that responds to events and invokes functionality exposed by other Firebase features. By the end of this course you will have an Android application that can store and share data between different users in real time as well as authenticate and authorize those users. Course Cost Free Timeline Approx. 2 days Skill Level intermediate Included in Product Rich Learning Content Interactive Quizzes Taught by Industry Pros Self-Paced Learning Student Support Community Join the Path to Greatness This course is your first step towards a new career with the Become an Android Developer Program. Free Course Firebase in a Weekend: Android by Enhance your skill set and boost your hirability through innovative, independent learning. Nanodegree Program Become an Android Developer by Accelerate your career with the credential that fast-tracks you to job success. Learn More   Course Leads Laurence Moroney Instructor Frank van Puffelen Instructor Lyla Fujiwara Instructor Daniel Mai Course Developer Prerequisites and Requirements You need to have proficiency in Java and the Android Framework (Android Basics or equivalent level). Familiarity with Git, using open web APIs and feeling comfortable with Android Studio will also be helpful. See the Technology Requirements for using Udacity. Our Nanodegrees are packed with much more Nanodegree Certification Rich Learning Content Interactive Quizzes Self Paced Learning Taught by Industry Professionals 1-1 Coaching and Mentorship See Nanodegree Free Courses Rich Learning Content Interactive Quizzes Self Paced Learning Taught by Industry Professionals  See Free Courses Why Take This Course If you are an Android developer and your app needs any of the following features: Online data storage Real-time synchronization between many users Authentication for Email/Password as well as OAuth providers Data permissions and security Offline access to data This is the course for you! Firebase is a gentle but very powerful introduction to storing and managing data. With just a few lines of code, you can read and write almost any data you could dream up from your own custom Firebase backend. Furthermore, Firebase has a generous free plan that lets you start making hosted apps with multiple users immediately. What do I get? Instructor videos Learn by doing exercises Taught by industry professionals Related Free Courses Developing Android Apps Gradle for Android and Java Popular Free Courses Intro to HTML and CSS Udacity on the go Now you can achieve your goals on the move. Discover our offerings, personalised recommendations, classroom experience and so much more. Install Now! Need Help with Enrollments? 1800-121-6240 Mon - Fri, 10 am - 10 pm By calling this number, you consent to receive calls from, or on behalf of, Udacity per our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . Featured Programs VR Foundations VR Mobile 360 VR High Immersion Google Analytics Android Basics Machine Learning Engineer Become an iOS Developer Business Analyst Data Analyst Front-End Web Developer Full Stack Web Developer Intro to Programming React Only At Udacity Artificial Intelligence Deep Learning Digital Marketing Machine Learning Engineer Robotics Software Engineer Nanodegree Self-Driving Car Engineer Resources Nanodegrees Free Courses Career Resource Center Student Success Company About Blog Jobs Enterprise Udacity for Enterprise Corporate Training Hire Graduates Support Contact Us Help and FAQ Service Status Legal & Privacy © 2011–2019 Udacity, Inc. Legal & Privacy Regulatory Information Site Map India China Europe United States "Nanodegree" is a registered trademark of Udacity. © 2011–2019 Udacity, Inc. Udacity is not an accredited university and we don't confer degrees. Udacity Nanodegree programs are unique educational programs that are not affiliated with any university or sanctioned by the University Grants Commission.  