https://in.udacity.com/course/tales-from-the-genome--bio110
                    Free Courses Nanodegree Hire Talent For Enterprise Refer & Earn Log In Course Finder Nanodegree For Enterprise Hire Talent Course Finder Log In Refer & Earn  Learn More Free Course Tales from the Genome by Introduction to Genetics for Beginners Start Free Course Nanodegree Program Learn to Code Accelerate your career with the credential that fast-tracks you to job success. About this Course This course is a journey into the biology of the human genome and will highlight the scientific, social, and personal perspectives of people living with a variety of traits. Watch Trailer Course Cost Free Timeline Approx. 3 months Skill Level beginner Included in Product Rich Learning Content Interactive Quizzes Taught by Industry Pros Self-Paced Learning Student Support Community Join the Path to Greatness This course is your first step towards a new career with the Learn to Code Program. Free Course Tales from the Genome by Enhance your skill set and boost your hirability through innovative, independent learning. Nanodegree Program Learn to Code Accelerate your career with the credential that fast-tracks you to job success. Learn More   Course Leads Joanna Mountain Instructor Uta Francke Instructor 23andMe Team Instructor Matthew Cook Instructor Lauren Castellano Instructor Prerequisites and Requirements No previous experience in genetics is necessary. However, familiarity with basic biological concepts, like the cell, is beneficial. See the Technology Requirements for using Udacity. Our Nanodegrees are packed with much more Nanodegree Certification Rich Learning Content Interactive Quizzes Self Paced Learning Taught by Industry Professionals 1-1 Coaching and Mentorship See Nanodegree Free Courses Rich Learning Content Interactive Quizzes Self Paced Learning Taught by Industry Professionals  See Free Courses Why Take This Course You will learn about fundamental principles of inheritance, gene expression, mutation and variation, development of simple and complex biological traits, human ancestry and evolution, and the acquisition of personal genetic information. By the end of this course, you will be able to read and understand genetic information available from personal genetics services such as 23andMe . What do I get? Instructor videos Learn by doing exercises Taught by industry professionals Popular Free Courses Intro to HTML and CSS Udacity on the go Now you can achieve your goals on the move. Discover our offerings, personalised recommendations, classroom experience and so much more. Install Now! Need Help with Enrollments? 1800-121-6240 Mon - Fri, 10 am - 10 pm By calling this number, you consent to receive calls from, or on behalf of, Udacity per our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . Featured Programs VR Foundations VR Mobile 360 VR High Immersion Google Analytics Android Basics Machine Learning Engineer Become an iOS Developer Business Analyst Data Analyst Front-End Web Developer Full Stack Web Developer Intro to Programming React Only At Udacity Artificial Intelligence Deep Learning Digital Marketing Machine Learning Engineer Robotics Software Engineer Nanodegree Self-Driving Car Engineer Resources Nanodegrees Free Courses Career Resource Center Student Success Company About Blog Jobs Enterprise Udacity for Enterprise Corporate Training Hire Graduates Support Contact Us Help and FAQ Service Status Legal & Privacy © 2011–2019 Udacity, Inc. Legal & Privacy Regulatory Information Site Map India China Europe United States "Nanodegree" is a registered trademark of Udacity. © 2011–2019 Udacity, Inc. Udacity is not an accredited university and we don't confer degrees. Udacity Nanodegree programs are unique educational programs that are not affiliated with any university or sanctioned by the University Grants Commission.  Now at Cars24 "The  personalized mentorship, industry-relevant and  projects of Nanodegree guided me towards a career as Business Analyst in one of India's top startups." Avi Aryan Now at Toptal "Nanodegree Programs helped me understand the problems better. One more exciting feature was the project reviews that gave me a lot of feedback on my work." Aarushi Sharda Now at Rapido "Unlike other platforms, Udacity goes above and beyond to assure that all the students enrolled and/or graduated from their nanodegree courses find the job that they’re meant for" Mariam Fatima Now at Marax AI "As a teacher I used to wonder what does it take to build your own app.  Udacity helped me make sense of the wilderness, putting me on a path to become a productive programmer. I can now make sense of the weird text people used to call: code" Srikanth Vidapanakal Now at OLA "Udacity helped me transition to my dream role of being a Computer Vision/Deep Learning Engineer after 18 years of work experience" Rachit Agrawal Now at Qualcomm "Udacity fits into the role of what a Post Graduation does to an individual. I did changed my career into the emerging field of Machine Learning after six years in GPU Engineering." Akshay Chaudhary Now at Cars24 "The  personalized mentorship, industry-relevant and  projects of Nanodegree guided me towards a career as Business Analyst in one of India's top startups." Avi Aryan Now at Toptal "Nanodegree Programs helped me understand the problems better. One more exciting feature was the project reviews that gave me a lot of feedback on my work." Want to stay updated about Udacity’s latest offerings? Get information on offers, new launches, webinars and more! Sign up now Let us call you Need Help with Enrollments? 1800-121-6240 Mon - Fri, 10 am - 10 pm By calling this number, you consent to receive calls from, or on behalf of, Udacity per our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . Featured Programs VR Foundations VR Mobile 360 VR High Immersion Google Analytics Android Basics Machine Learning Engineer Become an iOS Developer Business Analyst Data Analyst Front-End Web Developer Full Stack Web Developer Intro to Programming React Only At Udacity Artificial Intelligence Deep Learning Digital Marketing Machine Learning Engineer Robotics Software Engineer Nanodegree Self-Driving Car Engineer Resources Nanodegrees Free Courses Career Resource Center Student Success Company About Blog Jobs Enterprise Udacity for Enterprise Corporate Training Hire Graduates Support Contact Us Help and FAQ Service Status Legal & Privacy © 2011–2019 Udacity, Inc. Legal & Privacy Regulatory Information Site Map India China Europe United States "Nanodegree" is a registered trademark of Udacity. © 2011–2019 Udacity, Inc. Udacity is not an accredited university and we don't confer degrees. Udacity Nanodegree programs are unique educational programs that are not affiliated with any university or sanctioned by the University Grants Commission.  